351	really I used to have that. I used to get excited when I could have the afternoon to myself, but I don't really have that any more. I try to fill my time with other things. On Wednesdays, for example, Amelia is at school until nine-o'clock at night, so Wednesday is like my night to try to go see some friends or something like that, and keep myself stay at work late or do something right after work, so I'm not just like at home by myself.
354	I, so, you sort of said that, you know, that psychotherapy gets a bad rap, and deservedly so, for focusing too much on “everything comes from your childhood.” Then you sort of developed a “second order of theory” of... it’s important, but it’s important because of the way you construct, one constructs theories about how one exists, and
367	It can be enlightening if you choose to see it that way the situation on Friday night where you unthinkingly took literally, didn't question what that guy told you, and the result was hysteria. And then, when you stopped and thought about it, you felt calm within a very short time.
391	amount of I mean, I've never been prouder to be from Chesire. Between the cooperation of citizens and law enforcement, that's fucking amazing. We're going to get the 911 guys; just fucking hunted them down like dogs. It's kind of weird. I don't know, when I think it, it felt like a police state. It was a police state. That was kind of weird. I don't know how you get around that if this is the world we're going to live in.
410	internal rigidity, yes. And it... Yeah, and it’s really problematic. I’m like, I understand... the desire for perfection, but... You know, I don’t think you and I talked about, but she and I, and Dr. Janice talked a couple of weeks ago about anger and... the sense in which
3252	Maybe I want to be interesting to you. Which is... That's a funny thought. I'm sorry, what were you I didn't have a follow up to that. Or I thought that there was more, but that was... Well, the thought I had, which certainly, you know, can relate to Tanya, although not necessarily produced by the situation, is like sort of what makes people want other people to stick around? Hm.
3254	Dr. McNally more? Do you need someone to help you clean the apartment? Do you need...?" I don't know that those are...and then she immediately from there went to separation which right now I don't feel good about and I don't want to do. But I don't know if it's apparent this is really difficult. Yesterday I had to listen to him tell me
3335	Yeah, sometimes I'm not sure what thread is important to pick up this week, I guess. My parents are coming to visit this weekend. It's probably a good thing. We have a very small apartment so I'm concerned about hosting my parents in our tiny apartment. It's they have a house that's large enough for seven people to live in are used to living in that space and it's a different thing. And they've come to visit before?
3347	It's Monday. That's true. But I usually try to get it done early in the week so I can enjoy the rest of the week. Yeah. I really don't know what else to do though. It's either that or or possibly maybe I could go back to volunteering. You could do that a couple hours a week in addition to applying for a job. Yeah. It gets you... I mean, one of the things I heard you say earlier is maybe one thing that would help with Sydney is actually being, having your day be a little bit less dependent on him. Yeah.
3373	I'm thinking that in order to express it to her I have to find the right level of not caring about the impact on her. I mean, I cannot be worried about the impact and say something. But in order not to be worried about the impact I have to, at some point, not care about what it does to her, because, if I know what's going to happen and I do it anyway, then I've done this thing. But you can't know. No, I can't know. But, if I can reasonably project that it's going to do something bad and then I do it... like, I'm not going to throw a rock at your head because I can't know what's going to happen, but it's probably going to hurt.
3387	Whether it undermines it or not is the question. It goes to the heart of I mean you may not think that it's much to give up by waiting a day or so. It may not. That may not be a big issue for you, but it sort of gets to the heart of how much do you need to bracket your needs or hold yourself back, constrain yourself or confine yourself for the sake of Tanya. Right. What were you thinking?
3394	I can’t like him out, and so I just don’t you know, but I – that vulnerability is just there. I’m like yeah, it was always there, but now I have to like pay attention to it. I don’t know what I’m going to do. Probably just try not to think about it or anything.
3444	That's great. I mean, it's especially tough for the people who have to look after him all the time, I mean those are very nice qualities. I'm not saying it's not the easiest one for you, but it's pretty nice. It will be interesting. He doesn't really seem I don't know. He's kind of skinny, so it's like I don't know how he would do getting banged around in hockey.
3446	They make it more real. Suicidal is kind of a fairly vague word. As is abuse; a lot of things the devil is in the details. Right. In both cases, we've talked before about me having some sort of need for control and need to protect other people and take care of other people.
3453	I was out in Oregon and one of Amelia's good friends has a medical marijuana card for his anxiety, so she was like why don't you just give it a try? I couldn't even, like I took one I inhaled once and then I had a panic attack. So the panic is about being poisoned. It felt like stuff that doesn't belong in my body is going to kill me I guess.
3518	did do it growing up and I really did do it even college, like every summer and now I really am doing it with my spouse and so... Okay. So one of the things we have to I think get clear about in reality is his parents are not going to be parents to him in the way you want them to be.
3522	one of the... not the only, but one of the causes of her... self-injury and suicidality is her utter inability to deal with anger from anyone else or herself. That’s my description of it. There is, not theirs, but... She’ll get angry and... she’s not allowed to express the anger, by herself.
3571	The closing is a quarter to three and then I've got to meet Jess's mom to put the car seat in the car so she can go pick up Lucille. She wants to take Ian so it's not a shocking for Lucille,
3599	So it's a good thing that we had the sessions last week. Tanya and I went to a wedding of one of her cousins this weekend, which was a hard time for me? The wedding was beautiful, and there were a lot of parties, and that was all fine. There were the normal kind of annoyances that go along with going anywhere with her family. No one's ever on time for anything. We made it to the wedding on time by about two minutes and only because we tried to get there about 40 minutes early. So that was good. And it's one of those things.
3604	less time for me to think about other things and about my anxiety. Like for example yesterday, I was at my other job, where I have a lot it's just not as structured and I don't feel as productive. I'm not sure why that is.
3611	Okay. Will he want to talk to me? I mean how – I guess what I was - I don’t know. I would think he will want to talk to you briefly. Okay, all right, that’s fine. So what do I do now? He’ll be ten minutes. Okay. I’m going to eat some bread. Do you want anything? No thanks. You sure? Yeah. Okay.
3662	as you start to sort it all out. I will also talk to Dr. Farrow and hammer home even more than I did already, what you're saying to me today because I think it's more of a perspective that she's not thinking of as much.
3675	And so I asked the question believing that it was likely that becoming pregnant has been a challenge and has been a hard, like a traumatic thing in other times for you. Because I wanted to, I guess, apologize for dismissing that. So, that’s the how it came to be.
3679	For me it's like if he's there, it's nothing. If he isn't there, it's me not living there and feeling like I'm taking up their space. Has there been expressed unhappiness with the amount of time you spend there? There was once several, several months ago, but that was before they knew that Sydney had serious depression and then he explained it to them and then they were okay with it. I guess for me I'm like, "Okay. That was several months ago. I'm not sure if they're still okay with it." They're sort of under the understanding that I'm taking care of him and I'm thinking
3688	That we're going to need to end on that note. I was going to say... or I'm going to say, you know, I'm happy to meet with you if you wanted to do twice a week for a while. We can really just get into this. And we are into it. You've got a lot to figure out. There's some time constraints it sounds like, in terms of your job and figuring that out. So I just want to put that out there to you, that I'd be happy to do it. I think it'd be helpful, not to say that meeting once a week isn't helpful.
3709	That’s certainly a non-trivial question. Yeah. You know one of the other things that, in all of this is I feel like I’m trying to work out these issues that I have with. I’m working them out at you or something. I feel like that could be challenging or something to you. So particularly in you shifting how you were responding to it. I felt more anxious about it. But you having said what you said, I sort of…I guess I understand better
3723	it all along, and we’ve talked about it today, but it’s sometimes it’s sort of similar to the foreground of just how sort of acutely aware and sensitive you are about, with the people around you, you’re very homed in on them.
3746	I’ve also never been this depressed and trying to be in an acapella group at the same time in the past. I’ve missed very few rehearsals for emotional reasons. I think there was like, you know, a couple of…a bunch that I missed when I was like dealing with Jonas and when… oh, I didn’t even miss that rehearsal; the one when I liked Corey and...the day before I found out that he didn’t like me back.
3769	I know. I understand why Ivan wouldn't tell someone who...I can't understand... Maybe you can understand in that it took you awhile to tell me because you were so embarrassed about it. Do you remember? I didn't want to...I hadn't looked at this note since I found it.
3801	You know you can breath for a count of four. You've held a note longer than that so it's not about whether you really have enough air but something about focusing on it felt different, felt dizzy. That doesn't have to be a bad feeling. Okay. Yeah I like to breathe in and out before I get that extra four for holding it because, yeah, I guess I'm used to breathing you know, not just holding but like letting out over a long period of time. A long period of time. But like there's no -
3803	But like that's the best relationship I have and quite honestly she's been my caretaker when she was young because she's the oldest and I hate that she ends up...she goes and she's really worried about me and then she tries to help me out in ways but I don't want our relationship to become all about trouble in my marriage because she already listens to my mom about her troubles and her marriage and my poor sister is never going to get married and I don't know. I need somebody to...
3873	No. It's not a problem like the issue is something more like, it took me a while to come to recognize that that is something that I don't want, although it's really obvious that I don't want that. I'm not that happy living in the city, like in a day-to-day sense. It's just really noisy and there's nowhere green or quiet. I mean there are trees, so at least there are trees on the streets. It's not like parts of Delaware. But yeah, so I don't know where they went,
3875	And it’s been something that’s been really hard for you to access, so it’s not working for you. It’s so snowy out. It’s been a rough winter. Like I have to wait for it to stop being snowy. Like I’m okay with walking in the cold, but like not really walking like in the snow. And like right now it’s just so slippery out. Like even getting to the car to get here was like a challenge. Yeah, it’s definitely more challenging. It’s been a rough winter for that.
3896	Right. Works better for you. ...works better than something in the long term. But like I don't necessarily always have that there. Right. Like the day where I wanted to dye yarn and like I did that after I sent out the application. Yeah. So maybe we could look for more things like that.
3903	And if we wanted to think about it for a few minutes, because probably getting much more particular about what would be hard about hearing them. The message that you had a job interview, you know, and you never got. Not far from stuff we've talked about. Again, I don't have a complete understanding, or I'm sure that there's a lot of important context that I don't have. Yeah. But yeah,
3933	am I accurate in interpreting or inferring that you're not comfortable being in a role of more of a receiver in a sense? Am I wrong? No, you're right. So behind that is there, "I should mostly be my bright, positive, cheerful self?" Yes.
3963	Oh, I’ll go for purple. Okay. Of course, every time I write the day today I’m tempted to put my birth year as the year. But it’s not 1985, it is 2014. Thank you.
3984	Do you think that's the relationship with Victor too? That this sort of kind of love like comfort thing you're looking for feels like a younger your younger self too? I don't know. I guess love makes you feel younger.
3985	Maybe they're not trying to say that, but that's what they end up saying by accident. I don't really feel like this has done me any good. I would imagine that implications of it piss you off. Yeah. Yeah. Partly because it sucks to be misunderstood, and partly I'm just like, "Well, am I doing this wrong?" Yeah. Sermons, in general, tend to piss me off to be honest. Oh, really?
4013	I'm kind of sick of having that thought always in my head. What's amazing is you're having a really, really hard time. Yeah, but I feel like it's always a really, really hard time. There's no bounding to that. It's an endless hard time..
4028	I think, yeah, I think slow websites counts as like a legitimate reason to not apply to something. Well it's your list. So... I mean... And I applied to something else that day so I was... So I still fulfilled my one a week. Well let's keep going with that because that's working to at least get you moving. Yeah. It's not really working to get me past... It hasn't gotten you a job
4054	She's very Yup. Because she's always, she's like, "But then you will get upset. I don't want you to worry about it. I don't want that to be on your mind. I don't want you to feel like you can't talk about something that's going wrong because you're worried about me." Mm. Like just really to an extreme has she been my Mom. Mm hm.
4076	Just said it's not okay to be mad about something. I'm like I have the right to. He doesn't say why, you know? I guess maybe because he can't do anything wrong but like I have the right to be upset. I guess maybe because me being mad hurts him but like he's doing things to make me mad. His behavior really just disappoints you.
4086	And so I asked my roommate to see if they would be a good fit. And they're not. And I was like I was a little upset by that because Elaina's like, "Yea, the girl is a little pushy." And I'm thinking she can't be any pushier than me. Or when do you guys actually see each other? Not that often. It was kind of lonely in that place because I wouldn't see my roommates for days. And there's such little interaction time. Why does it matter that the person you don't really see that often is pushy? I don't know.
4113	I'm not really sure what to do. Do you know what makes one day a good day and one day a bad day? I'm not sure because it usually starts mid to late day. Saturday was fine. I even went out walking for a good two and a half hours. Saturday was a good day. Saturday was a good day. There's nothing bad that happened yesterday that triggered it. You just had this feeling.
4203	And not a lot of space in there, in either case, for someone actually taking care of you really. Really loving and being there for you. Maybe in your sister. That's as close as you got. Yeah. Completely in Emma. Yeah. But, again, she does something that she is very passionate about, and works incredibly hard, and has been ambitious, and getting more degrees, and going above and beyond her forty hours a week. Well beyond that. Mm hm.
4214	So I think that's also part of what feels so frustrating right now is that a piece of what's getting attributed to depression actually has to do with being depressed and having a personality disorder at the same time. Does he really have a personality disorder? I think so.
4216	And then I hadn't really, you know we get to these points in the sessions and they happen sort of randomly distributed across sessions and in the time space of a session break. One of us will hit on something true. Usually it's you will reformulate everything into a concise whole, very nicely and then I don't have much more to say than yes.
4263	I see. That's something that has to be wood or can you get, like... Well, I don't want... A couple of nails and a piece of tape and, like, just or maybe three nails, like boom, boom, boom and then you put a piece of tape that's the windshield kind of around the nails and then, like, I don't know. Then you could even get a sharpie and you could, like,
4266	I would either when I was younger, I would usually just buy an extra snack from the cafeteria at school, or I would tell my mom I was taking lunch money, but I would take more so I could get some extra snacks. So you really thought about this, this was planned. Oh, yeah, yeah. Then, once I could drive, in high school, that's the end of it.
4270	You're probably also thinking about suicide. In a way, that's a relief, but in a way it feels crummy and you're probably worried about staying in this really downward jag after having felt better for a while and that sucks. Yeah. There may be other things, too, I just know these are things you have often thought. And, again, I'm not saying you want to be telling your sister, but it doesn't even occur to you that there's more to the story than those 30 seconds.
4278	It... It took me a few minutes, after I left, to sort of sort out my feelings, but... I was very grateful for you, to you for talking about it. Just... it was, it was interesting, and also comforting, and sort of reassuring. Like, you were saying that... not only is it essentially okay that I interact with the world in a particular fashion, but it is necessary that we construct theories to make sense of our reality.
4284	Hi, come on in. Hi. How are you doing? Good. Long day at work. Yeah? Yeah. Usually, the way I work with people is I like for you to start with whatever is on your mind, and then we can kind of take it from there. What's on my mind? Sorry, just like, because I on Thursdays, I'm at work, so I just like haven't
4341	Mm hm.He goes from like crying to really happy, hyper attentive towards me, he goes really back and forth, back and forth, which I understand is part of depression. I shouldn't expect it to be different, I'm not criticizing the fact that he's going through that but I'm just acknowledging it's really tough. It's a lot on you.
4348	next was doing all these things and it's not working and I'm really frustrated. Making that so that's a very kind of absolute it's not working, making that a little less absolute, doing all the responsible things that I'm supposed to be doing and they're not working and just adding right now. It doesn't make it untrue. Right?
4363	Whether that's right or wrong isn't the question. Because if you to... If you want to stay in a relationship with him and you want things to change the only piece you have control over is how you respond to the situation and it sounds like right now the response of letting him hear the anger that you feel is resulting in him not really being able to hear your message. He hears the tone and shuts down as you say.
32507	Yeah, give her an update of what's happening. You've followed the steps that she's outlined thus far and let her know how it's affecting you, that it seems to be pushing them off a little bit, delaying them maybe, but that you're still really suffering. It's like I don't have an appointment with her until the 19th which is like another almost two weeks. Oh, no? So, I therefore like, that's still another two weeks of - Yeah, what's the plan from now 'til then?
32525	Yeah. But, yeah. I was telling Dave I was really frustrated that I couldn't get to sleep because this is so stupid. He woke me up less than an hour after I finally dropped off to ask me to move over because I was taking up too much space in the bed; and then I did not get back to sleep at all that night. He woke me up at five and then I was just up. I couldn't get back to bed.
32527	yeah. I mean this is – I kind of feel like – I mean this is tricky; like so the thing I’m sort of trying to get my head around here, is there’s this sort of parallel where on a smaller scale, you’re sort of presenting to me how you feel unable to manage things with her.
32565	my heart started to race and race and race and I couldn’t get my breath. I was just, like, gasping for breath, then I started to get chest pains and it was just awful. And I managed to sit down and call my husband and he came out, he actually left work to come and get me. So that sounds like quite an unpleasant experience for you, at the time.
32572	It feels like you, and James and Dr. is like people who are trying to help me. It feels like with the best of intentions, you’re all to continue down this incredibly painful and destructive path. That’s disorienting. Yeah. And you’re welcome. But I imagine in some ways, it’s actually worse, in that not only are we inviting you, but especially James is in some ways making you feel obligated.
32582	It's not just about booking dates that I didn't want to go, it was also dad e mailed me and said, The travel agency offers flights to China from LA., Boston or Chicago. The default is LA. and you have to pay more to go from Chicago or Boston. What did Dave and I want? He gave us the table of prices.
32584	I've been I'm finally feeling better, like today and yesterday. I'm eating a little bit more now and I feel like either I'm getting used to the medication or I wasn't really having side effects at all, or maybe I'm mentally getting used to the fact that I
32599	One is, do you want to talk more about the trip? I know you haven't been hot about whether to go or not. Maybe it's worth thinking about a little more. I don't want to put something out that's stressful on you. If it's going to feel stressful to think about, we will wait a while. Second, I wonder if it would be helpful to have another time here. I would have to check. I'm pretty wacked at the moment, but I would do what I could to do that if that might help. I don't want to sort of promise or dangle, I just don't know if I have that. I will look.
32613	crafts-y or carpenter-y that way. It's not something that you're comfortable with. At the same time, you're a smart, competent guy. You could probably get pretty good instructions. It's a fucking pinewood derby car. You know what I mean? I don't know if it's that you have no confidence, you know? I guess I refuse to believe you don't have the,
32623	I either need to pull over right now and call my mom or I need to tell her, as soon as I get out the car, that she needs to take me to the emergency room because I snorted something that I shouldn't have. And I was like totally sick enough, that that was an okay thought for me to have.
32624	I thought I just saw the first few flakes. Oh, it’s snowing. Oh it is. It’s snowing. Yeah. It’s mostly been a bit cold and windy. Yeah. So yeah,
32647	like thinking about it and trying to do something about it the more it's on my mind all the time and basically ends up back firing. You know, so that I'm very aware that the last few weeks I haven't had much physical contact at all. Well I guess there are a couple explanations for that. One explanation is you're in touch with being angry, so you don't want physical contact.
32676	Which is something I'm interested in. I'm interested in patient navigation which is pretty related, but that's also volunteer. Okay. But I've been told by one of my professors that you've got to be at least volunteering. You will go crazy if you just do nothing but apply to jobs. So I'm hoping, like it can't hurt. It's building your resume. It is. It's going to help. And hopefully I'll make some connections. Yeah.
32708	And then after you've taken a full inhale to four you're going to hold your breath for four and then you're going to exhale for four. So work at your own pace to get into that rhythm. Inhaling for four then holding for four. And then exhaling for four. Repeat that cycle a few times. Inhaling for four, holding for four, exhaling for four
32728	a lot more about trying James's patience. Yeah, I don't know why it doesn't occur to me. I don't know. We always have these weird conversations like, "Hey, how are you doing?" "Oh, I'm not doing so well. I'm kind of having a bad day. How are you doing?" She talks for 15 minutes about her dog.
32754	It’s not – I’m not even sure whether I’m upset with him for sending the e-mail. Like I’m clearly upset with him for being upset with me for having a problem with it. I feel like that’s just the thing. But it’s more like I just got really scared and I’m really scared. And I – I don’t know, I –
32764	Yeah. I don’t know whether like the last time I was in Frederick I just – it feels like sharing like the externals of the situation, or versus the internal. Like when I was Frederick last time,
32797	Maybe your metaphor about being let out of prison and, again, the coincidence of this event happening right now as you're really getting into this process and, I think, more opening up about what happens when you're really known to another person, whether it's me, whether it's Kelly as the relationship grows deeper.
32801	And that will only come from practice... That is true. ...Including making mistakes and not making mistakes. True. So did you do that homework? Yeah, I did. Did you feel some progress? Yeah, I did. I did. I definitely felt progress. I think that it clearly, it was easy to do the other stuff, as it had been up until now the other stuff, the beliefs that I had and
32851	Yes, language is culture and that would be bad if that were lost, but no, really, it’s more important to be hearing. I don’t know what I think about that, but it’s not really important. Joanne is a interpreter and she’s really involved with the deaf community and used to teach primary school kids who were deaf, so she’s pretty anti-cochlear implants and pretty firmly an advocate for the deaf community.
32874	It's this very extreme.It's very exaggerated, Anne. Jessa, I have a fantastic bridge I can sell you. It's called the Brooklyn Bridge and I can sell it to you at a great price. Exactly. Oh, you want to buy it? No thanks. Well done. I'm glad you're not a hundred percent gullible...
32907	Sunday morning was — I think because we went over Mosbie's house and I was drinking, and so I think it may have to do with dehydration a lot too. Uh huh. Like if you drink the night before, you'll do more puking. Or even if I'm just dehydrated from drinking coffee or just not drinking water, you know. Yeah. So recently I've been trying to drink more water, but I have to get up and pee more.
32912	I had a week of kind of coming home and just doing titles and working from home. I've been going to the office, but going home in the afternoon there are no real pressure or stress on me to get things done. Where today I've got I mean I've got plenty of time I've already got documents.
32918	Oh, just stuff you lift stuff. And there's a glass or something horrible happens. And I was on his arm and I was next to him. And he was going ahead and diffusing the stuff. Or doing it the right way because he knew how to. Diffuse the explosion? Yea. And what were like what was the explosion was like in a box?
32921	Maybe I guess I could ask if I could take some sort of, like Sydney takes Ambien but I there was one time I took one of his Ambiens and that was like the night I was trying to go to sleep when I was like super duper sick and throwing up and stuff and I ended up throwing up the Ambien but like - And you don't generally have trouble falling asleep. No, but I'm having trouble staying asleep, so I don't know if sometimes in general I don't but with the panic it also has made it harder to fall asleep too. Well
32925	are spending most of the time on their phone, because they really don’t want to be in the meeting and were hardly engaged when they were looking at it. So I don’t ask them what they were doing, because I know, if that makes sense. Well, that’s, yeah, I have two different thoughts. My first thought is,
32968	it would make sense. If I was that person and that insane, then it would only make sense to just knock someone's door down, take a few more people out, and just blow yourself up. There are no words to explain, to feel like that could happen. I mean yeah, they were armed, but all that takes is a second. If he knows
32972	There is a test called the ACE Study - Adverse Childhood Experiences Study. Have you heard of this study or taken any tests for depression? No. Have you taken any tests for depression or trauma? No. Have you heard of post-traumatic stress disorder?
33006	I think if you got too emotional about it, it would be hard to what was done what you need to do? Right. And then, she’s not going to change. I’m never going to be happy with that situation. Or it’s not going to be the way I want it. Yeah, no, I’m not trying to make an argument that you should. I’m just saying it seems to me like that’s the worry. Right. Yeah, it doesn’t sound like you have a whole lot of backup anywhere.
33018	Yeah. If nothing else it's adding and it's giving me something to get out of the apartment and feel productive. Yeah. Also telling yourself, a year from now you'll be somewhere. I know that's a long ways away, but it will happen. I think that's also with Ivan. Something is going to happen. And enough will happen that you will feel better, or nothing will happen and you will feel worse. But you'll know more in a year. This is the hardest time ever.
33174	And I think when I think of prescriptive I think of 'this is what you should do.' But I think it would be more accurate my saying, 'this is what I want for you because I think this would be good.' Which is a little bit different. Yeah, yeah.So people often use they describe situations as non ideal that are really bad. Do you mean those also? I'm not sure. I understand what you're saying, but I'm not sure what you're referring to.
33233	then he won't. He claims that he doesn't need to see his therapist, too. He's had a relationship with his doctor since 2005. He sees him once every three months and it's mostly just to prescribe meds. What does he take? He has ADHD, so he takes Concerta, which is one of those drugs where you kind of have to go see a physician in person every three months because of FDA regulations.
33239	No, because you're human, and humans don't do everything exactly how they should. But I should be better than that. I mean, I was taught to have high standards. You're being very hard on yourself. Are you suggesting I not be hard on myself? Yes. Really? I think you're torturing yourself. OK. End of role play. Jessa, I think you're very talented at torturing yourself.
33240	You're not his therapist. Those are things that he needs to be working on with his therapist. Again, there's not much that I can control in that situation. Right. You can't control him or his choices or how far he can push himself, but it does sound like in some ways you're being limited by his worries, his fears, and then they're feeding to your own worries and fears.
33303	Oh, your drama queen friend, yes. The drama queen friend. OK. However, it would be very good for you if he did do another performance like that, to give you the opportunity to assess how much you're going to take him seriously or not, and to give you the opportunity to not upset yourself. However, we shall see. What will be, will be. But the important thing now is to keep on practicing your awareness and, I
33308	That, in thinking about this, Debbie is I don't know on this one; I really don't, because I think this is probably for me, this is where I challenge myself the most in making sure that I appear that I do everything responsibly. And so it is almost like pulling off the veneer,
33312	"It doesn't mean you have to obsess over spending it perfectly, most wisely, whatever." Hm. "And you're keeping your sister waiting. She works like crazy all week and you don't. And this is how she's spending her weekend. You need to be more considerate." Hm. And feeling self-conscious because I felt like in that time she's taking care of me like she always has. Mm hm. She doesn't know how to stop doing that. I don't know how to - Hm.
33353	Yeah....nah thick as shit. She didn’t, she said she didn’t have time... I thought how can you not have time to hear about the cure for world hunger...all those starving children...- you know what I mean. Right. Yeah. So that’s why she sent me here to see you to tell you all about it. Right. Ok, tell me about it, tell me what’s going on.
33371	I guess if you have any other suggestions. I’ll just go across—I don’t know. Counseling. Well, first, let the record show that I am offering concrete and I know if it were around here and I didn’t know the area, what I would do would be to try—call a psychiatry department at one or more of the hospitals. Or possible even an ER. See if you can get ahold of the psych ER and ask if there are good community clinics or other low-cost mental health clinics. Those will sometimes provide sliding scale work for your treatment to people who don’t have much income.
33382	It’s just such a difference, I don’t know. And I don’t like—I hate talking to strangers. And I have to call them on the phone for Tyler. And I feel like those aren’t to call these people. I don’t know. But, yeah.
33426	Ok, I wonder .... You’ve got to dig deep and look for it you know what I mean. Yeah, yeah. - Right. Ok. How have you been feeling physically in your physical health? Any problems there? Physically, fine, I’m, I’m fine yeah, absolutely. And have you been taking any prescribed medication besides the Prozac in the past?
33427	It seems that is so. But I've done some research. I've looked a couple of things up. I have been hopeful, I think, that there are probably some nervousness about going to the doctor tomorrow, because it is almost like, if I haven't addressed it yet, I haven't heard anything, so it is almost like the "no news is good news." But I want to seek answers because...
33453	That’s fine. Um, yeah. I guess I... Yeah, that’s fine. Anyway, yeah, thank you. You’re keeping things moving in a... particular... line of summoning things that we’ve talked about before, to continue the conversation we’re having at present. Which, it’s not that you don’t do that ever, but you... several in a row. Anyway, so, Tanya, perfectionism; me, not the same
33464	probably some specific markers that indicate that there is forethought into what’s going on and that... an understanding of... both what’s being done and the effects that it’s having, because... most organizations have a structure, and most structures do something to the people in them, and that does something to the final product, also.
33466	My ID would say I am 35, but I feel 23 and free. Free food...food for the soul, a nice bit of sole, yeah, aye...Right. A bit of fish, ah fantast, I’m not half hungry. - Right. You have any food? Any food here? You have any food, I’m starving, nah?
33472	psychological, subconscious reasons but the practical thing that I was thinking was there was already someone who was interested. So I kept thinking about her and thinking of saving that money or giving it to my mom. So then when I finally decided to leave that place, I asked that girl and she was still interested.
33545	in part a construction on yours, or maybe both of yours; I don’t know. For which I mean, like it seems to me as though it feels like you can’t both be angry, and upset about it, and scared, and partly angry at him. Also recognizing that, you know, there’s some sort of as yet to be determined
33551	All right, talk to me. We'll exchange roles: "I should have called you, Jessa, when I was going to be late. It makes me an irresponsible, no-good person. I feel disgusting. I feel I'm not acting adult enough. I I just feel depressed". OK, Debbie, are you aware right now that that it is quite OK that you didn't reach out, and that...? Shouldn't I be more responsible?
33568	He's got a lift ticket until noon or something like that. Is he liking it? Yeah. I think, you know, he even said he had fun even with — to him, he doesn't see it as regressing. He likes it. Good. I went to the bathroom and did my morning puking routine, which has been less and less and less. Good.
33570	I just wonder if this thing was official jargon or... You also do this other thing. Back to the first thing I do. Sorry for interrupting. The second thing. That's part of one of the symptoms of ADD, so. Yeah, but you don't interrupt randomly. You interrupt specifically when I'm trying to tell you something. I guess I think it's funny. So I do this thing. What?
33580	My friend Franco is applying for academic jobs right now, which is a stressful thing normally. But he's also... the advice he got from his thesis committee was that he should just do another project real quick before he applied for jobs and use that as the talk that he gives. So that gives him a month to do the work that normally would take a year or something, which is terrible advice.
33622	I guess last time you suggested that I should not monitor Tanya's mood on a day to day basis, which I think is good advice. I'm just sitting there thinking that it's maybe been a little bit harder than I anticipated, so I've been doing that; but Tanya also appears much better than I think she is in some ways.
33663	is really hard. So what? So it is hard. But I don't even have an answer! Well, you started to dispute it. Get back to it. What is the irrational belief? And then dispute it. The irrational belief is that you're not going to like me anymore if I don't get here on time,
33671	I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t know, like he just wanted company. He’d been alone all week. I don’t know. So, yeah. Talked to him Saturday. I don’t know. I guess on top of everything I don’t know. This woman he was dating. I don’t know. It was even a tab  on the relationship.
33680	Well one thing he promised me we'd actually make out because we hadn't for like weeks and because he was up for it on Friday night but then he was too tired and so he was like, "I definitely will want to tomorrow." And then he was just like sleeping and I sort of knew that like... I mean, granted this is like a bunch of steps but like in the past when something like this has happened when I let him sleep in he's going to be hungry for lunch and not want to do anything and then after lunch he'll
33695	There was a little, sort of, tussle over something. And her analysis of the tussle had to do with one editor being more religious and conservative and that was what was causing the tussle, when I think the problem actually had to do with, at least part Ethiopian politics, and who’s been blamed for various bits of corruption or balance or, there was something going on there. I was also wondering, you know, who’s the editor that’s reverting it? Are they Ethiopian? Are they not? Who’s writing this?
33707	I feel like I probably can’t wait until the end of winter to like start exercising, but I don’t really have any other choices. Like maybe I’ll get because then I could have time and then I could join a gym or something or like… Or go someplace indoors. Like even just doing laps in a mall. Right. You think about, I know we talked last time about thinking creatively about how to navigate some of the challenges. People do still exercise in the winter.
33709	It not only reminds you and brings you back to the feelings of these other experiences, but is another one you are experiencing right now. Like all of the feelings after your father's death that led you to cut yourself off and kind of meander lost into the world
33738	at least undermine your ability to be present for her. So there's a conflict on that level. This is maybe more direct that maybe your need to be expressive at the moment actually undermines what you think her need is to stay alive her need is to stay alive.
33747	I have to speak with the doctor and speak with a professional, and speak about what the next steps are, because medicine is never a panacea; it is a way of aiding to making me feel better, but it is not going to cure or fix the entire situation.
33748	But I didn't do anything. So I guess I'm curious about him. What it does for you to talk about it because it sounds like you feel certain even when you're in those moments that although you want the panic to stop that you're not actually going to hurt yourself so I'm wondering, what does it do to talk about it? Does that make it better? Does that make it worse? I don't think it makes it worse. I think it's sort of like I have this urge to talk about it so,
33753	I was feeling a little bit mad at work, but it wasn't such a big deal that I needed to leave early or anything. It was just getting things done. That was only one of the two days, though, I think. Maybe that was actually the week before. I think I was mostly okay at work last week. So there are good days; a couple of good days in a row and then a couple of bad days.
33773	Ok, right well it’s, I’ve got my various bits and pieces here I find in the papers like you know the football results... - Right. ...they need adding together.... - Ok. ...and then I have to find some other information on this page. There are some pages and page numbers there... - Right. - ...add those together and take it away from what’s on there. - Right. So, I do that and you find you find other things.
33792	You could give yourself a little bit of time. You're not losing your friend because she moved but she's clearly going to be a part of your life in a different way. She can still be a great friend. She can still listen and understand the way she does, she did when she was here. You need someone to go do stuff with. Somebody else to meet for a run or a walk with your dogs or Anything, yeah. I mean it's also tough that he finds such solace in my family that can drive me nuts. We were going to visit them a week ago with my friend also and my dad,
33816	Couple of months. We’ve been living together for the last four and a half weeks. Why do you care. Nobody cares. Oh God! I can’t believe he is gone. I hate him. I need him to come back because I love him. Jack the jerk was before him. Bill left me too. They all leave. Everybody leaves me. I hate them. Carl was different he said he loved me, but well if he loved me he would be here now.
33835	We do. I want to check and see. On Monday, the 22nd, we're scheduled at 2:30. Is it possible to switch to a Tuesday, or does that interfere with work? The 22nd do you have a Friday that week or the week before? I do. Either one Friday the 19th or Friday the 26th. I guess I'll do the 19th so it's spread out.
33859	You were sad. I slept You are sad. Yeah, yeah. I slept more and his mom had brought me like six chocolate bars for Christmas and I ate chocolate and wallowed which is not the best. Well, for a short time it's pretty appropriate. I guess.
33866	I'm actually — it never even crossed my mind that you would have been the person, so I never even thought about that. I just thought more the large or abstract. You know, it's one of those "if I knew then what I know now." I see. But I didn't really, you know, spend too much time on that. It just popped in my head a few times. I'm wondering when I'm going to get extremely sick because, I mean, I did have that morning of diarrhea,
33902	I wonder if you also feel that way here, at times, with me about the things that you bring up. You then have to deal with them it feels like largely on your own. I’m not saying it’s the same as—with your mother, but I wonder if there’s an aspect to it that can feel similar. Mm-hmm.
33956	I mean, there's this thing called the Internet where people, you know. I mean, you could look up in 15 minutes sort of a detailed instruction, if you want, about what to do, I'm sure. Or figure out where to buy the paint or, you know, you could probably watch a video on YouTube showing you exactly what to do. And you don't need me to tell you this. Like, you've used Google and YouTube before. And part of you is like,
33989	That I’m not sure…my other set of thoughts which I’m sure are related somehow, is what you were saying earlier about thinking about in general, perhaps, my pregnancy, bringing even more to the forefront about wanting family or not wanting family, or not even knowing if it’s possible with Tanya. And clearly that’s…thinking about that.
33990	if I'm kind of not feeling good and I pay to much attention to my body, that I must get a little depressed and It's about doing some experimentation and finding a class or a studio that's the right fit. You might want to go and try some out first before you have him come to make sure it's not going to be a class that has a sort of competitive nature/atmosphere to it, to make sure it's not one that's not too active. Accepting the idea of going to a meditation center is going to
34032	Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. I don’t know. I suggested that. I don’t know. I don’t know. I have a plan, trying to get him healthcare so he can—if he needs prescription and, I don’t know, he can get some. I don’t know. We’ll see. I don’t know. Other than that, I don’t know. I probably just like having someone there. I don’t know.
34033	Right. I didn’t sign up for babysitting duty, I came over to watch a movie. Right. So I read the kid a story, and then she didn’t like the way I read the story, so I had to read it again, using funny voices for the funny characters. I was just like Jesus Christ. Yeah. And I feel bad criticizing their parenting, because, you know, I don’t have kids myself,
34074	I’m 36 and I was about twelve or thirteen when things started for sure. I started to really avoid anything that had contact with others. I always was worried about being attacked or mugged by some criminal. I have always been a clean and neat person from childhood. Is there anyone in your family who had these same tendencies that you can recall?
34130	of course, I would be hurt by those things. I don't think she thought about it very much. She said she hadn't really thought about her coming close to killing herself hurting me, she was mostly just happy with herself for not having killed herself. All right, that's pretty okay; but it is also missing the effects on me and on everyone else in both of our families.
34131	And it seems like for both of you, you don't really feel like... Neither one of you feels like you need to change what you're doing. Yeah. You feel like your anger is appropriate and your expectations of him are appropriate. And it sounds like for the most part he feels like what he's doing is appropriate as well. Yeah. So there's no way to fix it then. Right? Well you can't, you can't fix him and you can't fix a pattern. But... You can't change a pattern by yourself. You can only change your response to it.
34137	And I wonder if, you know, more would be the answer for him. Actually, that could be worse even if it looks like a great job or more money or more whatever. Ah. So I find myself thinking that and I kind of don't like myself for that because I'm thinking, "But wait a minute. This is not at all what we thought would be the case." Mm. So I worry about that too.
34151	You did a good bunch. It was quite a smorgasbord there. All right, so I should be I just want to say it out loud and then dispute it. Yes, very good. Yes. So I should be I should be better. I shouldn't be feeling this way anymore. The dispute. OK. This is where
34173	But I can't, I cant. That is like the bare, him doing the work thing, that is the bare thing I need to happen from him right now. Okay but that's not your responsibility. What are you afraid of? I need to be able to get groceries! I need to be able to pay the bills. So you don't believe he'll get to work if you don't get his schedule? I don't know, I mean we had to have a pretty big fight before he would call for it for his very first week, like something is really seriously wrong when someone doesn't care if they have their work schedule or not.
34200	He's pretty good about it. I couldn't get started. I was wanting to hurt myself and was doing really bad. I kind of sat there and thought, "Well, my therapist would probably say that this was something about feeling this way sucks; but it's familiar so it kind of comfort for me." I don't know about that. I thought, "Well . . . "
34218	the police on the block knocked on the door and went down and it was actually very moving because when I opened the door, suddenly they became very human. They were like, "Hey, we're just doing a check door to door. We just want to see how everyone is doing. Are you guys doing okay?" That was very moving, actually.
34252	but that would mean more steps because in the archive, in order to work there, you have to be an RI resident.I'm not making another move to RI.That's just not happening.I don't think I've ever seen a position at the archive that didn't have a residency requirement.It's really frustrating because I see jobs from them and I'm like, that's a cool job, await residency requirement.You have to live in RI proper?Yes, you have to live in RI proper.That's limiting and frustrating.
34305	And those are the moments where I feel like there is underlying depression and it's not always - Yeah. directly a result of something that happens. Yeah. You're saying the day can be going well, even between you and Ivan? Yeah. Maybe, on any given day and you can still feel, you said specifically, down on yourself. Right. Not just low mood but specifically self-critical.
34353	Well, then you identify the emotion that is unhealthy and that you want to change... The emotion right. And then and then the disputing then the next part is just disputing. After you've identified your irrational beliefs. Yeah, after the beliefs.
34380	It's not working right now that's very true, but what it does do is it makes you feel a little bit like, a little bit less like it will never, ever, ever, ever work. When you say it's not working that could go on you could assume in there it's not working, it's never going to work. It's not working forever.
34413	My favorite Old Testament scholar gave a lecture on Saturday. And the line I really liked was, up until about the mid 20th century, scholarship was all about objectivity. And that was the gold standard of objectivity. And then we eventually just realized that objectivity was just white male experience. That was nice.
34417	I guess I’m wondering what might have happened to start all this off for you, have you any thoughts yourself what’s brought this on?  Well, well God. Yeah. - God, yeah, yeah. Ok. And he just came to me one day... Right....one day he just came to me you know... Ok. ...and I started noticing connections with numbers and things. I wonder... It’s, it’s, it’s all there you’ve just got to find it.
34461	I don't particularly care if we're always going to be late if we're not also trying to get there on time. So it's sort of like a... I don't know. The utter failure to match one's own expectations is the particularly frustrating part of it for me. Anyway, so I just... the expectation that we'd be an hour late and that it was... so I can deal with that. But that's... that goes to our talking about changing expectations in the face of not being able to trust that something will happen.
34506	So and, also, I really don't know what to say. I don't know how to dispute that one, and I don't know why I don't know how to dispute it. Which one? The last one, about the phone call. I feel like the doctor one was easy that was easier to dispute. The one about me feeling like I shouldn't be feeling like this that was easier. But this one with the phone call was really hard,
34535	There is this trend among a certain type of techy people. The medical industrial complex is bullshit and doesn't know anything and you can't trust doctors or medical professionals. The only thing you can trust is yourself because no one knows your body as well as you do.
34566	Okay, thanks. Yeah, I'm not sure offhand, I'll think about it. Okay. And I'll be in touch. Thanks. I'll see you next week then. Okay, you take care. Thanks.
34585	Or I didn't know I had another option; I really didn't. But now? I do. But now you do. Yes. So it is the "shoulds", that is what causes the depression, not all the other stuff. The "shoulds" and the lack of unconditional acceptance, and the awfulizing, and the catastrophizing contribute significantly.
34625	And then do you usually get up at two or three or do you eventually conk out or...? I eventually conk out. And then do you sleep through until sometime in the morning? No. I usually wake up two or three times a night. And then you get up at...? Depending on how much sleep I've gotten and how much willpower I have, between seven and eight.
34634	Yeah, "cool" is fine. I've really been a goody-two shoes. This is ridiculous. I don't like this. Good. I think it is quite healthy not to like what is not helpful. It is a little ridiculous. Good! I'm glad you're saying it that way. No, I'm listening to myself. What why have I thought like this?
34645	but that was it, and it didn't really bother me at all, because I was just busy and I knew that I had X, Y, Z, things I needed to get done before I got out of the office. So, I do like it better when I have a structured environment, with lots of things going on for me to focus on, that aren't my anxiety. I think that's why I don't like really being by myself all that much. That's when you find yourself worrying the most.
34655	I was just I had the ability to fly. It was weird but so it's like Google Maps. Do you do that sometimes? I just sometimes just plop myself down on some corner of the street. And that images view where you can actually see the street level view. And then you just go from one point to one point. And then you're able to see the whole street like that. So it was like that.
34727	It’s hard to make decisions across emotional states. I always wonder whether everyone is like this, like the whole landscape changes on your having a bad day or when you’re having a good day. I imagine, if I think about it, most things are a spectrum and blah, blah, blah. I don’t know. I think that’s a little more for you, not then for everybody, but more than for most people.
34736	I think they only have like three new members. But still, a little bit weird suggesting it when I haven’t actually rejoined the group yet. Because like the following weekend I won’t actually be able to come to rehearsal, so I’m like do I want to start when I can’t make all the rehearsals yet, which is silly in a way because, actually, like the…like even if I’m only going to have rehearsals for now, that’s still more rehearsals than if I wait to get back. That’s true.
34744	Just like the front shield. You know, it kind of goes up a little bit and then there's the back part, you know, just kind of a little it has to be built up a little bit. I see. So you have like a car with no front, back windshields and you kind of need to put those on there? Right. A lot of the cars are race cars where you go down and, you know, where this is you're building it up.
34804	I tentatively scheduled August 30th, which I can cancel up to six days before. I'll know then whether or not I can move in a little early because my new housemate mentioned that as a possibility, but he's not sure. If not I haven't asked Lee and I tried to call him, but he's not answering whether or not I could stay an extra day to see if I could get a September 2nd move and if they were open then.
34829	Yeah. Yeah, and my thought was that’s completely the size of me. But, it’s this weird thing, like I know why she would think that I’m awesome; like I can see how I look to other people, you know, at least to other people who think I’m awesome. I can see that, but like that doesn’t matter.
34855	I don’t know whether I’m like angry about this, or just scared, or I just don’t feel good about having like, you know, I don’t feel good about having my family like know these things about me. And I don’t feel good that I wasn’t the one who got to tell them that, or got to decide whether they know that. I don’t feel good that I –
34867	I feel like it’s equally possible that, you know, I could go home and watch some TV, and joke around with James, and have a nice night. And that I go home and decide that I’m done. I can’t tell, and – yeah. Clearly, I usually end up the former, but – Actually, the truth is, it’s always ended up the former.
34923	I... I’m not at all surprised to hear you say that, but... It’s sort of like... we’ve been doing this for a long time, and it’s not like we haven’t talked about what we’re doing, but you’re also providing in some ways more details here than you have at other times, or it makes more sense in these
34926	And that's ideal. That's not going to happen. So within that what are the possibilities for you?
34928	That, well theoretically, this anxiety isn't actually worth killing myself over and that it will go away eventually. It just doesn't feel like it will go away eventually because here I am, you know, doing my best to be productive and trying to do all the responsible things and not getting anywhere with it like it's just so frustrating.
34934	We were talking at the end about what constitutes a good reason or a bad reason for making relationship decisions. I thought maybe we could take that up again. I’d be happy to do so. Thanks.
35001	I ended up going to my parents place first because I didn’t know that I would be able to make it all the way back to Sydney, you know, New Haven. And so I ended up calling Dr. Barnes. Decided like, she called me back and so he put me back on the Seroquel. That’s unusual for you to panic at work. I know. That’s when I realized it was like, it wasn’t just the apartment or something because I don’t normally panic at work. Yeah, that’s different.
35035	That's just what came to my mind. Is it the same feeling as your father wanting to put his arm around you? I think so. I get this image of you just wanting to push something away. Yeah. What did it feel like when she started telling you? It was like I couldn't even believe that anybody could have those going on inside their mind, with their feelings. It was scary. Did you feel scared for her or scared for you? Not really scared. More like how can anybody live like
35048	On another level it becomes another logistical challenge which is, I guess, how I'm talking about it, even though it's also a lot of other things. There are so many other logistical challenges that I've been handling over the last number of months. I just don't have the energy for some of them, also.
35071	"Okay. Can we set a time to talk?" "I don't want to schedule it." "Well, when can we talk?" "You asked me on the spur of the moment. I haven't had time to put my thoughts together." "I can ask you now and I'm going to come back in an hour. Can you put your thoughts together by then?" And
35108	part's now perhaps my favorite section of the dissertation, both because I fixed it and because it's soMy advisor Kevin really likes chemistry that changes the way he thinks about the world in some way. And so the answer to that puzzle, which he'd had in front of him for five or six years now, is relatively simple. But it requires considering an element that normally we don't consider-or a piece that we normally don't consider. And so there's a sense in which that has changed the way he thinks about the electron structure of these compounds, and that's
35109	draw the windshield wipers I don't know. I'm horrible at this stuff so, like, I'm thinking of the easiest way to do it because that's about what I would be up to. If only Ian was a girl. Well, we'll find out. I think the main thing
35152	I'm crazy? No, maybe not that. That's interesting. No, I mean, I'm sure you've heard crazier dreams in your profession, but no, I mean, I need David through his guidance. Yeah. That's what comes to mind? Yeah. Needing David? Yeah. And for the first time, maybe letting him be, letting him take care of me, letting him lead me. I don't know what I feel about that because I thought I would want to do it myself, take care of stuff myself.
35173	Maybe it still could be the stress. Now we're finally staying over at my place more so that . . . Oh, you are? Yes. Susan got mad at Sydney for having me over so much. I sent him and e-mail and he kept on telling me it was okay, so I got really mad at him for that, that he would let it get that far; therefore it was an incentive for him to have us actually spend more time at my place.
35203	It’s covered in black cat hair. And yeah. The other thing which is not related to me being angry at a sci-fi con is, I managed to, I don’t even know, not notice that the new semester had started for school. Yeah. And it started last week, so that’s not too bad, but never actually done that. I’ve gotten close, but ...
35207	That would sort of – that they would react to in their own way, or from their own frame of reference without taking yours into account, in a way that would be very hurtful to you. Yeah. I mean I don’t think this is like what you’re describing with James’ mom, your mom and James are all sort of different types of examples of that I think that it might seem clear like that. Mm-mm.
35239	Okay. So I guess I could do any other time in that first week of January. I can't do next week. Mm hm. Well, I think we're getting back Monday or Tuesday. I have time on Thursday, the 2nd. That would be great. Let's see. I have a-I could do 12:45. That's fine. You want to do that? Sure. So-let's see, so not next week, and then the following week rather than the 1st I'll see you on the second at 12:45.
35258	Then I get to do all my errand stuff that I need to get done. We were there last week Wednesday night, Thursday, Friday during the day, and then one day at his place. We were going to come back on Saturday night but that didn't happen and neither did Sunday, but I think what we'll do is spend Thursday night, Saturday night and Sunday night over at my place on a regular basis.
35268	So it sounds like a lot of your stress is coming from this question of when is there going to be dinner? Where is there going to be dinner? It's not always a problem. I guess it happened a bunch of times in the last couple of weeks. But you don't know when it's going to be a problem, which is what's stressing you out. You're imagining that it could be a problem because it has been a problem. You don't know when because it's kind of dependent on where his roommates are, which you don't have control over. No,
35281	Mm-mm. So that you cannot become like disturbed, and overwhelmed, and unhappy in a way that you can’t control by seeing her. Obviously the parallel is with, you know, her doing the same thing to you with the kid. Like in that instance, you’re me, she’s you, and the kid is the kid. Yeah. And
35286	Something more emotional. Yeah. So she says it could be, "I need you to meet me every day at five-o'clock after work at home." Mm hm. " and have a glass a wine and talk about my day, and ask about it." Mm hm. Mm hm. She said that could be one partner's request and that that's So she said we should work with and try to come up with something like that. Yeah. Do I have? That's so We have five minutes.
35299	and just sit and watch TV or something. I didn't do any homework. Somehow, I still got As, but I think that's what happens when you go abroad, like it doesn't I don't know. I'm not sure if it was just the structure of my programs, was more about experiential learning, because I still got fine grades, but I didn't do any homework. I didn't study at all, and I would just like eat.
35335	when we did it before class, it made me really uncomfortable. I was really uncomfortable in class. I felt like I couldn't concentrate and couldn't sit still, and I was worried that everybody knew that I was high, and it was like, I was like I can't do that again. So it really stayed, it stayed for me, recreational. But, when you're a college kid going out two to three nights a week, you know? That's still frequent. It's frequent enough, yeah.
35352	that it is beneficial for the person doing it to be a bright, intelligent person? Or do you think that just any old, average Joe off the street could apply these techniques? Well, it depends on the degree of neurosis Average Joe or Madame Intelligentsia has. It makes I'm sorry...
35370	he often will end up eating too much and need time to digest and like, you know, or not feel good and then nothing will ever happen and he'll change his mind and it had been weeks and I was kind of going crazy. Or at least a week at that... It had been like a week and a half or two weeks and it just made me feel like his desire to watch, like listen to those lectures that night at that point was more important than like being intimate with me. Is that a feeling that you've shared with him? Yes it is. And he feels pressure but I'm like it's sort of hard not to like... You know.
35382	That's what you have? Yes as of now I do. Okay. Is either one better? I'll do 9 10, I guess. Okay. And Thursday that works? That's when you don't have...? And I'm out of the office all of next week. Okay. I have you checked off on my list that I told you... No I'm sure I forgot. I'm sorry. You have much bigger things on your mind.
35391	- Right - nothing, you know, I’m not getting any help with it, I just feel a bit like, well, so I haven’t got a bad heart according to the experts, but I’m still getting all the same symptoms and they’re getting worse and worse. So even though the doctor told you there’s nothing to worry about with your heart, do you still worry that there might be something wrong with your heart? I do, I just can’t understand it, what do you think it is, doctor?
35398	Not really. Although the last time I seriously attended Arisia, which is the convention, I was really frustrated by, like I’m signed up to do a lot of paneling about race in science fiction, and kind of wanted to murder half the audience, and had someone, basically heckle me over a t-shirt that I have that said Black Nerds Unite. That’s terrible. Yeah, and... Yeah. Yeah, so ... Those are bad, but different.
35441	Maybe too far out there. Yeah. Kind of stretching him one step from where he is rather than jumping way to far out and then it will feel like it doesn't fit so just going to a gentle flow class might be a good fit with a little bit of meditation thrown in at the end usually.
35449	She got that adjusted and has been less anxious in the intervening time period but this is sort of a I can pick out a signal. It's not clear if there is any meaning to the signal like there are so many things going on in our lives that that's not necessarily, it's not even clear there's a correlation. If there were it would not be sufficient evidence for any more causative role but it seems to me like when one has a mood and metabolism regulating gland, keeping the dosage of replacement hormone
35482	I wanted to leave the convention and run to my apartment Sunday evening. And so first I went to a friend’s house, we were going to have dinner, and someone was going to drop me off at my house. And it didn’t end up happening until a lot later, and they were really exhausted, so I was like, “Okay, I’ll stay the night”.
35485	It's a small I don't know. I want to be like it's there. But I do. I mean, I was feeling I was very, very sad yesterday. I mean, sad enough to cry and not even realize that I'm out in public. But yea, today I wouldn't feel like crying. And I don't know. Maybe I just don't know how to be secure just in myself. I feel like I need a set of legitimate achievements to be able to build on my sense of being on that my sense of self. I mean, if I did nothing at all.
35492	It can help get you hooked up with outpatient treaters for afterwards, stuff like that. Or ongoing groups. And when somebody’s pretty stuck or they’re really having a hard time or have the people around them really quite worried, which it sounds like he does, it could be . . . a way he could really retrench, again. Whereas if he starts with a new outpatient therapist, he’s going but probably once or twice a week. Right. It takes a while to get to know them. Right. And then you start with a prescriber he might see every couple of weeks or so, in the beginning.
35522	Yeah, yeah. I'm only there two days a week, but it could be a full-time job, so there's a lot to get done in the small amount of time that I'm there. But, I guess, so we were back in Chicago, at my parents' house, this weekend, and I finally talked to my dad and my brother a little bit, about what their experiences with their anxiety are, and to my surprise, they both have been seeing people for years now, but nobody ever thought to tell me that I
35537	It's kind of like when she's in an acute crisis I can just deal with that. That's not a problem. But when she's appearing better some of it just makes me angry or it brings out that I am angry or something. She's anxious that she's not going to get a job. She started talking about how she'd sort of been sold this dream that you can go and get a Humanities degree and you'll get a job afterwards.
35571	It's actually a hard job. Right. Yeah. He's never had to manage people. He's never had to be accountable for meeting timelines throughout the day and managing his time. Yeah. It's a lot of responsibilities and tasks. Yeah, and yet I also hear what you're saying, it still feels like it's a kind of holding ground in a way, rather than a sense of being chosen from a sense of self in him.
35592	what they're supposed to take or how much, but you're very careful about that. It's good to have the release so we can communicate if needed, but with you doing good follow up with her it's not as necessary for me to hear her say the exact same thing. Okay, that makes sense. I guess I should call her this afternoon
35612	No but I really don't, I do see that but I feel stuck sometimes. Like even with all the homework, I did it and I know it's going to take practice and I did that mantras and everything, I feel like it takes so much, I'm just being completely honest, I feel like it takes so much effort for me. I don't feel like it comes natural.
35651	He's a cautious kid, though. But after the lesson, there's just the bunny slope which has a tow rope. I don't know if I'm allowed to run alongside him as he's going up this thing to pick him up when he falls, because they'll shut the tow rope off. Yeah, they'll shut it down. But someone's got to pick him up or he ain't getting up. But I've been rushing him out of there where, you know, if he wants to take some more runs.
35652	When she was in eighth grade she went through the confirmation class because, you know, you're the priest's kid and my dad taught it. And then she said, "I'm not getting confirmed. I don't believe it. I'm not doing it." I think my dad was not super happy about that. I think she pretty much has to now. Sorry, I was wandering. Maybe you're a little anxious to be mad and critical? Yeah.
35693	You're making it scary by demanding what? Here we go again. Good that you're noticing this. What are you telling yourself to make is scary? That I can't believe I've been like this for 35 years and never knew. And
35705	Everything I do might have an affect but I just don't know which one is going to have an effect. And you're also giving yourself days off where you're not - I am because - Okay. it's like after spending hours on the computer - it's like I just can't be on the computer any more. Yeah. Do you think it would help you, Ramona, to have something part time that you were doing? And I mean that specifically around, forget even money, let's say you had money. Would it help you to - I have.
35712	Given the type of schooling that she's done. I have a couple of different kinds of thoughts. My first thought was getting back to something that you said early in the session, where you said, "I thought this would be interesting to you." And I was thinking about orientation it is toward another person, in this case me.
35744	When you were in treatment, we were working toward some goals with your cognitive behavioral therapy. We need to revisit these goals. First thought, we need to bring your mom in and have a discussion about the next step to help you get well. I would like to do more tests to check your electrolytes and your blood count. Ok. I do want to be better. I want you to feel better and be healthy. Let’s have your mom come in, ok? Yeah.
35747	So we talked about it this morning, but on the way home, he asked me whether you and I had talked about hospitalization or something. Yeah, I think he knows death’s an option now. Yeah, it didn’t feel to me like we were all that close to death until today. I mean I knew that death, you told me. I know. He’s absolutely right, of course, that like,
35799	Do you feel trapped in any way? Absolutely, yeah. No, but I think we've talked about that some before. I've felt trapped in a lot of ways. And one of the things that I do when I feel trapped is I try to find a way to like get out of it. And so one of the ways that I have gotten out of it is by finishing my dissertation. So I feel less trapped in a... My advisor's still paying me, and I'm still doing like some revisions and writing up papers, but I'm not trapped in that relationship that's in this weird place where I'm half-way across the country, we meet by video conference when
35841	How any times do you wash your hands a day? Probably 60 times. I have contact dermatitis on my hands because they are irritated from the constant washing. Do you find that you need to change your clothing more than once a day. Yes. I change after I come in from work or being out in public. I have separate laundry hampers for my clothes, depending on where I wore them. Work is different than the grocery store.
35858	That’s not quite it, but I don’t know how I can explain it. Sure. had a, I don’t know, but it’s like, it doesn’t feel like you’re trying to put pressure on me, or like it doesn’t feel like you’re asking this of me. It’s more like I don’t know. Maybe it’s a – I don’t know. Forgetting for a minute where it’s coming from, is that the pressure that you’re feeling? Yeah.
35866	Mm-hmm. So, but like cocaine really freaked me out, you know? It was like that's like I had always thought marijuana is with alcohol and then there's the rest of the drugs over here and I'm never going to touch them. Yeah, but I tried it and nothing happened,
35876	The way I think about it is what's the goal of the reward? The goal is not for you to go on a trip. The goal is to get you doing more things that benefit you and applying for jobs benefits you because it's the only way you're going to get a job. You're not going to get a job unless you apply. We know that no one application guarantees you a job also because we don't know the outcome of any of them. But if you're not applying, you're not getting a job.
35881	Yeah definitely, yeah definitely, all of those actually. Ok. What often happens with people with panic is that the first time that happens, the first adrenaline release occurs out of the blue, and perhaps at times of stress,
35954	but I can’t get worried about that. I don’t know. Even with knowing so many people, it hasn’t really kept me from being really lonely here. It’s this weird thing. One day I’ll be talking to James about it or thinking about it and be like, “Yeah. Yeah, let’s go somewhere else. Let’s find a new place and see what the options are.
35972	If he could just give me hugs instead of telling me things like it's going to be better. I've told him before, "If you tell me it's going to be okay I'm going to argue against you because you're saying something without proof. Can you stop saying that?"
35991	That sounds very, very scary. Yeah. I mean that day, still, and this was six years ago, and that day, like I can feel the way that I felt and it's horrible, it was terrifying. And at this point, I won't even like I don't like getting drunk, you know?
36004	I was just kind of like, I want to tell you, film exists, and it has for a while. And it’s interesting that they, students try to turn them into videos, except they didn’t do it very well, so that was kind of weird. And then she had a whole about updating Wikipedia, because Wikipedia doesn’t have a lot of information about Africa, African culture, African diaspora type stuff.
36032	I wasn't feeling lethargic. I was just feeling sad and anxious. Maybe it was sadness and not anxiety. It's really hard for me to be clear on that on. Even though it was a day ago, I should remember it really well. When you're not feeling it, it's hard to recall what you were feeling.
36036	and one color is one that I have to use really soon and I haven't been able to find it. It's the second sock so I want it to match the first one and I've been looking around his room. I know it's in there somewhere. I'm 99% sure that it's there, but he needs to clean up. I've been cleaning up some of his stuff, but he also needs to clean in order for me to find that. He's like, "Oh, It will be okay." I'm like, "It will only be okay if you clean it, not if you sit around just saying that it will be okay."
36062	like I’ve talked about with you, or that I’ve talked about with somebody else; he’s like, “Maybe this is what’s going on.” And he’ll just get stuck on that. And then I won’t be able to say like, “No, but there’s like that’s sort of a simple certain way of thinking about it.”
36070	And I like, I would have skipped, like, I would have rather skipped going over there for dinner. Even though I did end up having a great opportunity to hang out with my friend Wanda for a couple of hours, and blah blah blah. Really annoying. Yeah, the hoarder house part just always makes me like, “agggh!” Well, you had just been overcrowded all weekend, I think.
36096	And it’s not like I’m lying. I believe it, but it’s just like, at that moment, I’m only thinking about the part of my life that is right here, right now, which is that I’m having an interesting conversation or I’m doing okay. Sometimes I feel like it helps me survive, like it helps me get through those really bad times. It’s weird. I feel like it’s impossible for me to be honest, in some ways.
36098	And like I’ve tried suggesting to Yvonne that we hang out on nights when she doesn’t have the kid, but on nights when she doesn’t have the kid, she’s usually like going to lectures, or like going to events that she’s going to be reporting on, or in the office late working. So she doesn’t want to hang out on nights that she doesn’t have Madison. And I’ve tried suggesting, well just hire a babysitter; I’ll pay for the babysitter,
36118	because now in retrospect... I'll tell you about that day in a second. In retrospect, I had an allergic reaction, so when I was 19 and having my first round of GI issues, they wanted to do an upper GI series and so I like swallowed the chalky stuff. Then, they were going to give me this IV, to make it light up in the CT scan machine or something,
36127	Except that then if I'm at his place I'll feel uncomfortable eating in the kitchen by myself because I don't live there and that feels weird, too. People are around. That doesn't really work. I guess I'd have to decide which is worse, eating in the kitchen when there are people around when I don't live there or Sydney isn't there and it feels like it's less valid for me to just be there by myself. Or spending more time in your place. Or spending more time in my place. You're not spending time in your place because it's less comfortable. There's never anything to eat at my place.
36157	I think when I say "of course" and "no wonder", it's in part just trying to say to the part of you that gets really anxious about where you are today that it would be weird if you weren't here today, given your history.
36158	The break depends on the year. I was hoping we were somehow going to avoid Ian playing hockey. It's just very expensive. You've got to buy him equipment every year. They can get used equipment, but there weren't any used helmets. He had to buy a new helmet. Jess bought it, so I don't care as much. At some point, it gets expensive. It should be entertaining,
36162	She does not allow herself to express the anger, because any expression of anger is bad, because... I don’t know. I don’t follow the logic of it, it’s a particular emotional or traumatic logic, but... It’s not okay to express the anger, and so...
36166	It’s like the only computer game I remember playing ever. We never had computer games when I was little; we just didn’t have any consoles, and never got any other. So, it was like a brief period of time where Golden Eye was like the game. It was a long time ago, but there was a time.
36169	There’s a sense in which all of it is okay. It’s hard to deal with it and it makes me less efficient, the work that I’m doing. I’m like I just need to get through it and it will be done. It’s okay. Did you finish the paper? I can get things done. I will get the application done. Probably today or tomorrow I’ll be sending them out.
36188	I did a little bit but I went to my friend, my close friend who lives in the building I live in, I went to her Halloween party and was there seeing a lot of friends that I hadn't seen in a while and I think I sort of had to put on a happy face I didn't have to, but I chose to put on like a happy face and make it seem like I was feeling, I mean they saw clearly that I wasn't feeling well but I didn't have
36211	Yeah. It certainly wasn't relevant at that moment. Okay, let me be very clear when I'm going to say, "I am not blaming you." I'm waiving my arms saying that I'm not blaming you; but I think it can be hard sometimes but I'm glad you're doing it now for you to say how awful or dire things are and what all is contributing to that. I think there are
36214	Yeah. But I need to finish up my job, and by the time I finish, hopefully, the winter won’t be as bad anymore. I want to be able to go on walks and stuff. Yeah, I don’t really foresee myself having time to do it for the next few days. What do the next few days look like? Well, tomorrow I have work. And you’re going to go? And I’m going to go to work and get as much done as I can to try to finish this up early.
36269	Yeah. And of looking for jobs, he's very supportive. I guess he's always wanting to talk about and be involved with jobs and academics. And that's important at this point in my life. Yeah. And Ivan is not up to talking about those topics right now. Hm. And I guess it's also more of a It's a bigger thing because those are topics that I associate with adulthood or being, you know, mature and responsible. Mm
36325	And we were able together to put things in perspective. You were able to laugh, you were able to make a practical plan and at least clarify that the practical plan you considered already was efficient, reminding yourself that tomorrow, Tuesday you are going to a doctor, a REAL doctor, so you're going to speak to someone who has a medical degree... And we'll see what happens from there. Okay.
36336	And so by processing the facts, you can also be processing the feelings. Because that thought of “things aren’t ruined” has a feeling associated to it, much more pleasant than the fact “things are ruined.” Sure, sure.
36357	The horrifying part, the first thing I thought because it sounded like so much noise, it didn't sound like two or three people, I was horrified that they'd come to Cheshire and there was some kind of group, do you know what I mean? And that there were suddenly 30 insane people waiting fully armed for I don't know what. That was horrifying. Horrifying. Because you don't know what's happening at that point at all. No idea. No idea.
36394	It's like that, like I just felt awesome while I was on it, like I just wanted to go dance. And that's what we did, we would do cocaine and then go dance, and it just made me feel like I was on top of the world. So I remember really missing that feeling and for a couple of years, really missed
36448	I don’t know if it’s true, but it was... I found it interesting. So, you know, I’ve learned a whole lot in the last several years and it... it gets hard to sort out individual facts. I find when I’m learning a whole lot all at once like,
36511	I think so. More just severe anxiety, which I don't get that often. I know this is kind of an odd type question, but what do you think is in there? Feelings. They're stuffed away. It's disconcerting to me that I could, you know, maybe I'm saying that it wasn't gradual then. That I just kind of, I just turn it off. Well, gradual or not, you know this about yourself.
36538	If I say “actually, I’m not doing so well,” that is true with regards to the macro state, but it doesn’t actually reflect what’s going on in that moment. If I say “I’m doing great” then that reflects what’s going on in the moment, but it’s a very small moment compared to what’s really happening. people stop believing what I say.
36539	So, on the depression you can use the instance of your girlfriend and anything and everything else. I'm sure the week will bring you opportunities. And, again, I'm just underlying the primary goal of your homework in this coming week is greater thoroughness... Greater...
36610	thing too. I mean we’re exactly the same.” And I just don’t want to have that conversation with her, and tell her why I was in the hospital in the first place. You know, I’m glad that James told her I was in the hospital, because I feel like she had a right to know, but I don’t feel like she has a right to know all of that. You know, I imagine you sort of like you was afraid what this was going to seem like to her. Yeah.
36637	Yes, I don’t know how to make that decision with what you think you know. So half this why would anyone want this, you know, that all hinges on the meaning of want or the variety of different maybe hinges on this; I don’t know. Yes, so in other contexts I have something like three responses to uncertainty. One is to formulate
36643	But Jess needed her mom to come in, and so she was going to come in but she was going to do it with Ian. So she went in, and her dad ended up picking up Ian . I see. So it all worked out. Just the whole thing, there was no anxiety, no stress, you know. Right. I don't know. Well, good. I have tickets to a rock concert Sunday night — when the AFC championship.
36687	I’m in this pit. Or but I don’t – and so it doesn’t occur to me that like people don’t necessarily understand what that means, because when I talk about it, I’m just sort of talking about it like this. I don’t I don’t know. You know, I started crying when Mark was there, and at the end of the visit, he was like, “Yeah, I’ve never seen you cry before.”
36698	Well if you want him to hear your message it sounds like you need to be more in control of the tone of your voice and whether that's being able to take a deep breath and speak calmly even when you don't feel that way or let him know that you're too angry to talk right now and delay the conversation until some of that anger and disappointment has subsided. If you want him to hear the words that you're actually saying it sounds like you do need to change your tone.
36702	...In identifying the Bs you came up with that and the Ds and the Es, which, for a few weeks, you have said you're really not comfortable with. Mm-hmm. Make sense? Yeah. Will you do that? It makes imperfect sense. No, I'm kidding. Ha-ha-ha. All right. Any final comments, thoughts, or questions before we finish for tonight?
36717	It just is a-it's a hard thing. So. You know, I might say something like I don't want to live that way for the rest of my life. But I also recognize that I do have a tendency to despair about some situations, and so I'm trying to find the realistic balance between this Bless you. -between those things. Mm hm. So that was sort of the end of that set of thoughts. Right, you felt despairing in that way. Yeah. Yeah
36723	It's kind of a practical issue that can be dealt with. The other is that I think this is... I think it helps explain why I have been I'm not quite sure how to phrase it, but less than perfectly pleased by her wanting to take on some of her responsibilities again. There's this element of not trusting that that's a good idea in the sense that she'll overburden herself. But I think this is also like a, I don't know, a sense of assuming responsibilities when it's convenient as opposed to always or something.
36728	I realize that the sideline of that is that I'm not actually hurting myself and doesn't that count for something? So he doesn't really want to fight against it and you don't really want him to? Yeah, but he still does it anyway. Is there something else that you could give him to say to you that would maybe be less taxing for him and more satisfying for you? I don't know. I'm not sure what he could say.
36734	It's hard. There are some real ways in which she has abandoned me. She's threatened to kill herself several times not in the like "I'm going to kill myself if you don't do this" sort of way, but in a de facto sense coming close to a suicide attempt is a threat to kill herself. I think we were outside of the crisis. I have injured emotions. I think that's the primary source of what's been going on, but I don't . . .
36743	Yeah, that's true. And I think having a little bit of structure, having a place to be, even if it's... Volunteering is a wonderful thing to do. Yeah. Just don't want to volunteer forever... No. ...because that would drive me insane. No. You don't want to only volunteer forever. Like I could volunteer on top of a job depending on what that job is. But...
36745	that there is some sense in which her degrees do not lead to jobs. That's not why she was doing them; but now she can't get a job and that's a problem. I could recognize while it was happening that she was really just upset and looking for an outlet for being upset,
36746	No. I don't know why he's not as affected by me. I mean I've also just been just frustrated this whole week that my friend leaving and him being in the hospital, even in a happy mood, I mean it's just like I can't keep myself together. I don't know, I don't know what it is. It just frustrates me constantly. Like, giving this talk and having my lab really support it, who I gave the talk to and you know I even had somebody come in and ask me if I wanted to before and was just really, really supportive and I was just like jazzed,
36755	but that’s not what it looks like. You know, if they were there sort of going through the ritual, and trying to fit the limits, and you know whatever timeouts, or something, and all of that, and the kid was still going nuts, that’s one thing. If the kid was autistic, and they like had some elaborate structure that the kid just could not fit into, but they were trying, you know,
36786	When my parents divorced I wanted to die and later when they both remarried. I have talked to my counselor about that too - the suicide stuff. Do you or have you ever had a suicide plan? I used to when I was a teenager. I would take a bunch of pills or just get into my mom’s car and turn it on and go to sleep in the closed-up garage. That was when I was in junior high and high school.
36848	You're a potter and own a business with your sister? Yeah, not full-time, just part-time. Okay. Audrey the Odd is what they call me. Audrey the Odd? Yeah.Who calls you that? My sister Libby. I showed her this and she told me to go get help and that I was bonkers. She said that you were bonkers. In fact, she didn't say go away and she told me to get the fuck away from her.
36894	When you were here last, you agreed to keep working with your nutritionist and being open with your mom and me. We need to work together to help you get well. There are irregular rhythms in your heart. And I noticed the downy hair on your back and arms. I will work with all of you. I know. I don’t want to be like this. I need to run though. It helps me.
36897	Probably, yeah. The doctor said it's one of the biggest hearts he's seen. He said he probably has a genetically large heart. He's an athlete which makes your heart really thick, so there was extra stuff to stretch out or something. All kinds of unlucky things. So, and then they put him on he got really badly, not really badly burned, but they gave him a lot of electricity this time and he got a really bad burn and it kept him up a couple of nights like he couldn't sleep because he has a giant burn on his back.
36925	Yeah, I think so. If that was a panic attack, then I'm pretty sure that that was the first time. It's unclear if it was chemical induced or not. Yeah, and I think that's why. But maybe... You know, I think that's where a lot
36926	Or... yeah, I guess that's one way of putting it. But, when you were talking just a moment ago and in terms of control and responsibility, I was thinking that I... it sounded like, to me, one of the conflicts that you're experiencing is being married to someone who you worry has a sort of fundamentally different personal and moral ethic than you, which is not about the ECT... No, that's right. It's not even about her illness.
36943	Oh. But he was so into the car, and they also made these bracelets out of parachuting cord That's cool. that he. He didn't care? The badge was the farthest thing from his mind. His leader is a bit. I would not leave him alone with his leader. Oh really? Yeah. Eww. Does this leader have a kid in the troop? Mmmm-hmmm. But he can't.
36952	want or something. So. So I guess I also want to express some uncertainty at how I don’t know; it’s not for me to know like what you do and don’t want to share. That’s a part of exploring or growing or developing the relationship that we have, whatever exactly it is.
36992	Hi, I’m one of the psychiatrists who work here in the Department of Psychological Medicine and you are? Taylor. I have spoken with your physician, Dr. White, and have read his reports and know some of the things about why you are here today. However, I would like to hear from you why you have come to see me today. I am having trouble sleeping.
37013	Yeah. They only had to advertise it. You know what I mean? Yeah. So it sounds like you really need to work hard to adjust your expectations about the time frame. And think more about applying for your job as your job. What do you mean? Meaning - Oh, that you - that you set specific times. If it becomes this thing,
37017	That is a symptom of being traumatized. That's what hyper-vigilance is. It takes many different forms. The expectation that something really bad is going to happen and just waiting for it. It's in some ways an adaptive way of being if you're used to really bad things that keep happening to you. If you're at least prepared for them, that's what it's meant for in a way.
37025	Okay. It was just so funny. So back to Friday night. So you made yourself hysterical by taking too seriously what your friend and we agreed on Friday night that you friend has drama queen tendencies, and a doctor he is not! and despite that, you took his words seriously and you built them out of all proportion in your mind and catastrophized
37034	"That sounds really intentional." I don't know but he's doing things like "I will walk to my 4.30 a.m. shift at Starbucks." And I'm like "Why would you do that? Like that doesn't even make sense. Take the car, that's so silly, it's like a ten minute drive, why would you even?" He did the oh no, woe is me, pity party, so upset about it and of course I kept saying "No, of course not."
37073	If there are not going to be parents who are going to help on either side. Will your parents? My mom is apparently still not talking to me from two weeks ago when I asked about Easter so I'm not...sometimes she can be really helpful and other times her own, like she's really not. Not a good situation and my dad doesn't do any type of emotional discussion.
37083	I don't know if his helmet doesn't fit him or he's just sensitive, you know. So to make him stop crying, I told him to hit me in the head. He's not very strong. It's like "harder, harder, harder." He started working on his Derby car. Yep. Oh God. Pain in the ass. Well at least, you know, every year I'll be a little better.
37099	So maybe reaching out to Philip and Amy about getting together for dinner and acknowledging your birthday. That works on one piece. And talking to the music people about whether it would make sense to start now and sort of piece meal a way because of these other commitments and seeing if you can reconnect with that group and enjoy getting back in touch with that part of yourself. I guess I can do that. It’s scary. What are you afraid of?
37132	was unhealthy, because well, I mean it was unhealthy because I was very overweight. But I remember, I would sit down and watch TV but it wasn't to watch TV, it was to eat. I would turn the TV on, but then as soon as the food was done, like I was done watching TV. I still have that habit now, like when I eat lunch...
37143	Actually I know a lot of people who call at the last minute, get their schedule and function just fine. After a month of not having a job? Yes. I'm not saying that's ideal I'm totally with you on the way you're doing it is more appropriate but this is the kind of thing you...we need to help you, even for one month, not do. Your taking on being his mother.
37177	And you got sick a little bit; you got tired just letting your body decompress. And then as you're decompressing you're aware that there's just a lot of other stuff there feelings about relationships. We were talking about Kelly and Bethany. Going back and forth and just feeling really confused
37187	to this extent. I just want to think about the fact that you care and love me despite this and that it's not defining who I am or defining who we are, it's just a part of what's going on right now but that it doesn't have to be so hum drum," but then I feel badly because I know she's being put out,
37243	Really, I have had nightmares for years, throughout my childhood and now I am 28 and still having them. I never like sleep and try to avoid it and need only about five hours a night. The anxious and irritable feelings have increased more in the last few months, I guess. I noticed my nausea and loss of appetite since the separation from my husband and since moving into my grandparents’ house again.
37295	But, yeah. He's got a lot of energy, you know? If he's just sitting around the house, he just bounces. He doesn't do it when he comes over to my place. He just kind of sits, hangs out and watches TV. He's pretty mellow. We go out to dinner and he's mellow. But when he's home with Jess, he pushes her a lot more than he pushes me. In fact, he really doesn't push me at all. In what ways does he push her?
37311	There are other aspects to making this journey a little bit easier, and I'll get to that when I speak with someone who knows more about a herniated disk. And I haven't even had that opportunity as of yet, so once I do, I'm hopeful that I'll be able to have a little more resolution and not just feel uneducated in terms of what to do next, like next steps. So, therefore, is it awful and terrible that you've not yet found
37362	So you've been assertive with your drama queen friend... ...And you've been assertive with your dad... Yes. And your dad hasn't disowned you yet. No. And I don't know what your friend is going to do, but whatever he My friend? Oh, the friend yeah. Yes, who told you that you were going to be... You didn't call him the "drama queen friend," so I didn't know who you were talking about.
37377	When did your binge how old were you when you started binge eating I don't even remember. I would always like kind of sneak things, because my parents are health freaks, and so we were never allowed to eat all the fun stuff that other kids got. And then I was kind of like a chubby kid, and my parents were like and my brother is like a stick, him and my dad. I take after my mom and he takes after my dad, and he's like six foot tall and?
37387	Yeah. ...and it’s all there and it’s all happening. And tell me this, because I couldn’t get it from your GP’s letter, have you ever had anything like this before in your life? Where you have felt full of energy and lots of bright ideas? No, nah. - It’s not happened before. Nah, but this has been going on for so long that I can’t really remember anything else you know.
37404	Yeah, and I guess that's why I'm so happy that he's, I mean he let this girl in to see what was going on and I don't know what it is about my family that he feels so comforted by And he really does feel comfortable with them. Yeah, it's really nice. So, maybe he's turned a corner, I don't know. He's finding a new way to kind of fit in. Yeah, if he could get a friend If I could get a friend. Another one.
37444	And now with the babies, if you get too close to the babies or look at the babies, she’ll attack you. And she actually moved them, like she had them in the a playpen area that she liked took the kittens out and moved them to like underneath the hope chest that had been like fenced off where they weren’t supposed to be going. But I mean it’s a safe place for now.
37481	It didn't feel comfortable. Did it feel like an invasion of your space or did it - I just didn't feel comfortable with it at all. I'm just feeling something right now. I'm feeling sick. You're feeling sick in your belly? I don't know what it is. I guess it feels good to be feeling something. Are you feeling anything anywhere else except for your belly? Is it a pressure or a pain? I don't feel it now. It was just kind of anxiety. Are there any words to what you're feeling or what are you feeling?
37529	That's how I feel when I'm in that much panic and am trying to rationalize it because I'm just like there is no way to make it better other than to not experience anything anymore and like right now I'm not panicking, but - So what do you think now when you're not panicking what do you think about hurting yourself? I don't want to hurt myself right now because I'm not panicking so I thinking normal but, yeah. So it must be pretty scary for him to listen to.
37531	Well clearly you have a lot of fears and fantasies about what this means. I’m sorry; what is the antecedent?
37632	that he could have if he had had, you know, partners or whatever, if he had joined a practice he could have had normal hours and made a good living - Mm. and still have been this success. So it wasn't like But there was more potential for it. Mm hm. Also, maybe in a way he's not there for you but he is very professionally successful. Maybe with Ivan right now it's feeling like you're not getting either one of those. You haven't
37672	I feel I need to wash them three times every time I touch something that someone else may have touched, such as a door knob,
37693	work under your belt that there's this other life that you have going on that feels like it's yours and you're attending to it, but how could this not be triggering for you of some pretty dramatic feelings Not to mention where you were before this happened in this process. And the funny thing is that I knew
37724	Which is, itself, interesting. I think the fact that you guys are married makes it a little bit less convincing statement, but when people in their 20s get sick they often go home and get treatment where their parents are. It's a logistical dimension that also has a meaning in itself. That's not at all uncommon. You're working on that. Yeah. I agree that, particularly in college, when people get sick they go home fairly often.
37728	Even in, like, I had dinner with some friends in a restaurant pub attached, and of course a whole bunch of people ended up walking by our booth to go to their table. And I don’t know. I guess I kind of missed, everything’s always been kind of... it’s big and kind of overwhelming and kind of noisy, but I really miss not having any sort of,
37750	It seems pretty clear, it's not going to come from my parents, which is fine and Dr. Farrow said "Do not call his dad." I think it's more emotional support, I think it's more I'm having a really, really tough time. His mood swings seem to be...I don't know, more pronounced?
37754	And that's sort of unrelated to the question you just asked, kind of in the same theme. What would make you feel less trapped in your marriage with Tanya? That is a fantastic question. I don't know how to answer it. I mean, I think it's really the right question in some way, but I don't even know how to begin tackling it. My first response is to say, well, why do I feel trapped? Because if I can identify that, then in theory I could alleviate some of those things. And I think we've just talked about that in some sense.
37756	And then I got reminded that the main multimedia site at the doesn’t list me as a member of the department. Yeah. List of multimedia consultants and Carl and Chet, and then someone who doesn’t work for the library, and then some other people, I’m just like “What? Okay.” The keynote today was a postdoc of African American studies,
37769	He was like, "You don't have to go through the travel agency. Why don't you just book a ticket on the Internet from Boston to LA." I was like, "Okay. What time does our flight from LA. depart?" "I don't know. Why do you want to know that?" We should stop. Sorry. I got going. No, no. It's okay. Go ahead. I hate my parents. That's all. This is another can of worms, but I have three things quickly
37802	affidavits to what the finances were or at least Riley did the guy who jump sized. So she thinks that he should be brought up on perjury charges because he no longer supports the litigation. I don't want to explain to her that, you know, he didn't lie in the affidavit -he just doesn't want to enforce it, you know. They really need to either go into some sort of mediation or hire their own lawyers and sit with each other individually.
37807	So I think that maybe had something to do with it, I felt more comfortable in myself. I don't know if I was always looking for excuses to not be confident, you know? So I was like, I'm not going to do well in school, I'm going to keep overeating. I'm sorry. No, that was just like the definitive
37826	Yeah. It's embarrassing. So my parents gave me a gift certificate for clothing at two different stores for my birthday. Uh huh. Because I needed some clothing. And so those stores are having sales. So I went with Emma. Uh huh. She needed some stuff too. And I kept her waiting. Mm. I was taking longer. Like she was ready to go sooner than I was. So you were in the store, you mean? Right. Trying things on?
37829	don’t really like. I feel like I’ve been putting her in a position of uncertainty for a while and I understand the concerns there. So I finished that paper Sunday, which is a good thing. But this sort of anxiety attached to “Will I ever finish this?” Just get it done already. I’m also in to like in
37870	even like actually do anything to temporarily relieve the pain, it just, my brain thinks it will and but like he isn't even okay with that, so it's not like I'm going to change his mind on anything. Would it be okay with you? Do you think it's okay to hurt yourself? Maybe if it wasn't permanently damaging or even like damaging at all, like just momentarily cause pain like I don't see the big problem with it. You know if it wasn't something that could become dangerous like I'm really liking the things that could do it, but like -
37883	my mom gave me that's in the back of Sydney's car and, I guess, for all the yarns that are sitting around if I could put as many of them as fit into that container there will be that much fewer yarns to pack away later and I think I could continually believe that I wouldn't need any of those for any projects any time in the near future; or just make sure that I take lots that I'm not working with any time soon. Maybe that would make you feel better. That would be one project you could get done reasonably quickly, it sounds like.
37902	else in a way, but that's what's there lurking right now. "Is this going to be terrifying? Will I get hurt if I get close to her?" the way I think you have been in the past in your childhood. Or will I hurt her. Will you hurt her. Right. Are you the terrorist? Are you going to get terrified?
37909	What do you mean when you say it's impossible?I don't think anyone gets what's going on because quite honestly he sits in couple's therapy and says "I can take care of myself, I've got it under control," and then Dr. Farrell turns to me and says "You need to start taking him at his word." No one understands that then we go home and Ivan continues to say he can take care of himself sometimes but he's not taking care of himself.
37922	And I helped Ian build his pinewood car, this car that I had no fucking clue what I'm doing. Went and bought some stickers for it, numbers and flames and skulls and stuff like that, little decals. He has a bunch of paint but I don't think he has the right paint to, I don't know, paint wood. I don't know. They kind of don't give you a whole lot of direction, you know.
37924	maybe angry at your dad for not taking someone's advice for feeling angry at life for being so unjust.
37945	Okay. That seems fair. So either one job and the least scary or least scary and tack on another. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it will probably be a very similar e-mail. Just changing the name. Yeah or well name and where they might be from... Yeah. ...because... Right.
38016	Right. Well a piece of it is managing yourself and sort of figuring out how you could organize yourself to deal with it. Another piece of it what was the word that went through my mind?
38040	He also does psychoanalysis/therapy sort of stuff. He's not just a prescriber; but Dave refuses to go in for therapy to talk about some of this stuff. He won't tell me how he's feeling until he blows up at me and accuses me of not loving him. It's really frustrating. Yep.  You're utterly overwhelmed. Yeah. And at your wits end. Yep. And how suicidal?
38066	they have to stay up all night raging. I see. Yeah, yeah. That's what I, you know, suspect. I've never taken she asked me if I had ever taken stimulants before, and I paused because I used to take ephedrine in college when it was legal. Oh. Wow. Or is it eph-e-drine? Ephedrine.
38067	and that's still where he gets to, still feels like it's not enough for me." Mm hm. And I also worry that I guess I could change my expectations and lower them. Mm. Because I feel like this is terribly critical but I think to myself like, not pushing him to apply to other jobs. I'm even growing to be content with him being a manager at Subway because he's struggling with it still at times. Mm hm.
38082	And I think to me, that was the only interesting part. That’s actually good, because everyone uses Wikipedia for information. Again, there was something they were updating that another editor had been reverting.
38087	But I found that it was well received the experience was vaguely awkward because you don't know anybody but it's fine. So I can fairly well predict what it's going to be like even though I've never been to this particular conference. I guess I'm amused to have you do the same thing that I would do if I were trying to manage the emotion or deal with it or something. It was nice. Although.
38111	And if they don't work, I'm just going to sell the rest of the bottle. I probably could do better than the Klonopin. So it's kind of a win all the way around? Yeah, you know. It's like I just have to wait until Phish comes back to town and walk through the parking lot. Those people would want to go in the other direction. No, because once the show is over — Oh.
38122	Yeah, well I mean really bad injuries like you're paralyzed or something, they have no more friends, their friends are all still in sport and don't want to be around them because it reminds them what could happen to them and so on and so forth. It really was depressing. There was no good ending to any of the stories five or six of them. I couldn't keep reading it. I mean there were several stories of cyclists who have died of heart problems mostly because of drugs and doping when their hearts explode or something. Which is awful.
38125	of like I'm not surprised that that's the kind of feeling I get when like when I get a shot also, like I really hate vaccines, and I had to get so many of them to go to Egypt. Just to apply to the Red Cross, you have to get the whole works, you know?
38141	I couldn’t leave my girls though. Do you notice any symptoms of feeling jumpy and anxious? More so in my grandparents’ house. I had the panic attack and I don’t feel entirely safe in the house. I just figured I was not used to living on my own. I am scared of something happening to my daughters and I will not be able to protect them. I wake up from my nightmares and feel an overwhelming sense that I can’t protect them.
38151	Oh, yeah, that's a lot more. And to think that I'm having a bad day. But there probably is a lot more you could say that doesn't occur to you because, again, you kind of don't want to go there. I'm not suggesting that I think you should go there, but what I'm interested in is that it doesn't even occur to you that there's more to the story such as you always get down and feel like you haven't done a good enough job, which is how you feel when you haven't gotten a job, which is part of why you're feeling so bad.
38179	or kind of nearly empty reassurances from people who are sort of anxious and have a sense of your need and don't know what to do. Hmm. That then confirms your impression that they clearly have no idea what's going on or what to do. Have no idea. I can't say you're wrong. And certainly a lot about the mental health establishment plays right into that too, completely apart from you. Hm. Yeah.
38183	I can hear that, 'oh, no, not again,' and it feels like there's nothing that you can do to direct it or moderate it at all. It didn't last night, like you know I started, like whenever we got home at like you know, maybe like before midnight like I took my nighttime meds which included the Klonopin, like when I got home and then I was still up for like another hour or so
38191	Yeah, I'm usually starving in the morning, but I briefly considered it and I was like, "That's not going to work." That's not going to work for you. If it wasn't such a long commute . . . No, but you need to eat to get through that. Yeah. I need to kind of have caffeine to do it safely. Very important parts. It feels bad that I'm dependent on caffeine. I wouldn't worry about it so much.
38207	Remember that the tightness is not dangerous. That’s the first piece. Right. It’s that it’s uncomfortable. That’s not dangerous. I think remembering that is the first step. And you might not be able to make it go away, but it will go away eventually. You can try taking some deep breaths. Sometimes that helps. I know in the past, sometimes when you try that it feels uncomfortable to focus on the breath. So if, you know, so you give it a try and take some deep breaths, and if that opens up your chest, you know, and just like I just did. I sat back.
38214	Yeah. That's going to be the interesting thing next summer, whether she'll let him go on an overnight in the woods. It's almost not even worth doing it because I'm. Right, because of her anxiety. Got to be wearing a full beekeeping suit. Hazmat suit. Well, I hope the Adderall helps. Yeah, we'll see. Tomorrow I have nothing on the docket, so we'll see what happens. I've got a bunch of titles I need to do.
38217	like for me the biggest frustration, and I was talking to Dr. Bond about it, and she was like “Well”, so I went up to I guess the clinical I guess, the amount she wanted me to take of Celexa a week ago. So she’s like, “Well, you know maybe it’s more time” which, I agree with theoretically. I’m just really not enjoying it. Yeah.
38244	I think I had that conversation at work this past week, which would mean that the depression that I felt on Sunday and Monday was before I got that advice. I didn't ask for the advice until I had that conversation. I don't think it's just that. I think I can handle . . . even though I should maybe be starting now, I feel like if I wait until I'm at least packed up for the move . . . if I wait until after the move it will be less bad because I can devote two weeks two days a week.
38255	And that confused me for the moment because it sounds like at least some important features of her you feel are still there... Mm-hmm. So, when you said you can't address it because it was in the past, I... No, she doesn't remember it. It is... it was erased from her memory by the ECT, so she... Yeah.
38256	So that tightness is really uncomfortable. Yeah. Like I can sort of put it away like if were doing like something distracting like watching an episode of something or like listening to a podcast. But as soon as like the episode or podcast or whatever ends, it comes back. And it doesn’t go away at work, or it didn’t on that last Tuesday? Well, it wasn’t the tightness; it was like last Tuesday it was shaking.
38276	So I’ve been fairly anxious this week about a few different things. I’ve been working on the same paper for the last couple of months. It’s sort of been my big paper that I want to talk about in job interviews. So I’ve been trying to finish it before I send out applications. But I both need to send out applications because I need to have a job and also because there is sort of like I’m anxious about where we will be. I can understand that. Uncertainty, I
38288	And then like I'll move past it. But it's a very, I don't know why, but those the three words that come into my mind when something like that happens. Mm. And that's become a coping thing for me. Mm hm. And I know that's unhealthy and I want to work on that. Okay. So you can think of an example specifically. You named a couple saying, "It could be this, it could be that." Is there something you remember at all happening since I saw you last?
38290	That she can’t take care of herself in that way? Yes. Then maybe at times going there is okay. But to not be able to not go there at times when there are other things you need to do, you know, or just sort of function in your day, you’ve got to wrap it up and move on. Yes, yes. And when you’re exposed to situations where things like that are coming up or are going to come up
38330	I felt like I think I’m losing the point here. It came to a question where I didn’t like the question to make me think maybe I need to be rethinking, just answering your questions because I think I’m losing something in that. So that’s why I shifted. Not necessarily that I was trying to avoid answering it per se. Are you willing to say anything more about what you mean by you didn’t like the question?
38346	I didn't and didn't recognize, "What have you been doing, Jessica? You went to therapy. You've -You went to school for this. You should know more." So are you willing to accept that, up until this recent point, you haven't known more because, if you had known more, you might have done things differently? Yes. But here we are now. The past is the past.
38368	So you were flying and you were invisible? Or you were just high up? I don't know. It's like the Google Maps thing. You feel it's yea. It was pretty close because of the ground and buildings. I don't know. But then in the with the actor, I was visible. You were visible? Yea. Did you feel free? I guess.
38403	When you say that, what's happening? Is he not getting to work? Like he didn't have a schedule for this week. He didn't and I like "Okay, you need to call this morning and you need to get that." So that's what you need to not do anymore. I can't. Well that's your responsibility though, that's not his responsibility, that's more a symptom.
38419	the biopsy last week, so I'm not supposed to take Advil or Motrin or a blood thinner. I'm just convinced it will make me sick, because that's all that medication has done to me for the last you know what I mean? The Aleve made me sick and
38427	Which Tuesday? This coming Tuesday, the 29th. About a week from today? Yeah. So we're off? I'll know better today but I think I've got a closing that morning. OK, do you want to send me a message later today?
38440	whatever eating issue I had went away, because there were no real options, like I was just going to eat the food that was there because I couldn't really be picky. But I wasn't getting sick, so I was like healthy again, I was still getting exercise. So I had just gotten back, maybe a month, a month and a half, and my good friend, who I had this huge crush on, who was volunteering with me, was in
38446	I noticed after I moved in that I don’t feel settled and have the symptoms I just spoke of. Do you ever have times of great fear or have panic attacks? Do you drink alcohol, smoke cigarettes or use illicit drugs? I believe this all began with a panic attack.
38459	I feel really stupid. Like maybe I shouldn't have gone into like library science and archives. Maybe I should have completely changed my focus to something more practical that like actually has jobs. But the things that do have jobs are like, you know... I don't even know. Anything... At this point any further education is only going to make me overqualified for things in my field and like I can't like start another bachelor's degree to like get a degree in computer science or something
38497	When you feel bad, does it do this? What does that do? In a way, that seems like one kind of meaning; but then there's something else, which is ratified by anything redemptive about what's going on. We're just talking about how it works. There's also meaning something, which I think is often true in this context, that there's something redemptive in the suffering. I'm not sure which one you're referring to which sort of meaning it lacks or maybe both.
38501	And you're taking action. OK, so more disputing. Let us get back to that. OK. I should have been on time for you, like without just walking in late. Dispute. OK. I was actually disputing... What is the reality? The reality is that I was coming from work, and that the bus was... And how late were you for session by the way? Not late!
38509	I did want to see the kids yesterday though. I was going to text Jess to see if they went and see when they were going to get back but I never did. For the weekend? Just for.. For the day? ...for the day, yeah. Ian's little friend moved. Jeez. They always call me when I can't take the call, you know, have to leave a message. And then when I did speak to them, you can't even remember the conversation. Like, nothing was accomplished, you know
38525	day today, but is feeling better toward the evening.’ Or like, ‘Tanya’s doing well and will go home tomorrow.’ It seems like there’s a big difference between that sort of e-mail and.” And then I was like, “I’m going to bed.”
38531	I could take a nap right now. Sorry I’m just like – I don’t even want to say like, “Okay Chad.” So I’ll tackle the afternoon. I’m sorry. You know, I’m imagining that you’re feeling a bunch of pressure from me to make a plan not to kill yourself and to stay alive. And that feels pretty awful.
38550	this is always whenever I have trouble. You mean, "Until now", you've had trouble. 'Til now, I've had trouble. OK ach I hate it frustrates me. I get frustrate myself that it is so difficult. What are you demanding? That I have an answer. That is should be less difficult? Yes!
38560	talking about it, particularly when I'm kind of angry about the fact that she has failed to do this simple thing again, because we've talked about getting her thyroid medication before. We talked about how I went and got her thyroid medication, like three months ago because she didn't have any. It did not seem like a good idea at the time. So it seemed like not an important issue to confront in the specific moment because she was already going to get it that day.
38566	Yeah, like Yvonne actually told me; I didn’t witness this, but Yvonne told me that, you know, the kid had been sleeping on sheets that smelled like piss for three nights, because she didn’t have the spoons or energy to like wash the sheets after Madison peed on them again. And
38569	Did you hear that? "Imperfectly," yeah. Right. The effective new philosophy let's do the doctor one or the going to the doctor and should be feeling better? Can we do that? Mm-hmm. Mm... "There may be no perfect solution." OK, there may be no perfect solution for what I'm experiencing...
38592	like around 11-oclock. And then I got home and I was talking to my friend in Phoenix, so we were talking. I had the window kind of open and I saw all of these cops flying down the street and I thought, "That's weird." The cops were going really fast. I was like, "Yeah, this is not normal." Then by the time I told Giorgio, I heard two loud noise and then I hung up. You went down to get your mom?
38603	Yeah. And like in the past, I’ve tried saying, you know, Madison, I’m having a grownup calm conversation with your mom, please don’t interrupt. Like not stepping into the role of disciplining her, but like speaking to her as I would to another adult. Like, “I’m having a conversation; can you hand on a minute?” Sure.
38622	Yeah. I could probably do it on Friday. As long as I don't hope for, "Oh, maybe I'll do more after that," because if I start doing that I might get too disappointed if I don't. Set one goal and that's the goal. You check it off and you take a deep breath and you feel good about it. And then you set another goal the next time, but you don't change the goal as you're working on it.
38675	I'm skeptical — I have worked with kids, many kids, who had other conditions that were misdiagnosed, often by pediatricians, with ADHD. Well, the thing is, I don't think that Jess is going to go down the route of having Ian taking medication, that whatever alternative — .
38732	The depression. I think I picked up the depression. No, it was the marriage counselor that took me through the checklist. Oh no, I was pretty sure you were depressed. I think I probably had you diagnosed that way for — You didn't bring it up. Oh, okay, that's very possible.
38771	Again, there's nothing wrong with being a manager at Subway, but if you have the potential to do something and you studied a specific field and - Yep, yep. What happens with that? What happened? So there's a small part of me that thinks that but there's a bigger part of me that thinks, "What is wrong with me?" Mm.
38797	I can certainly see as much as you’re happy for me that this has…this is tough. This can be tough for me being pregnant to the extent that it, you know, brings up this issue more even though it sounds like it’s on your mind anyway.
38814	Yeah, probably something really important going on if not knowing what to say, but it will emerge at some point, eventually. It happens. Yeah. Kind of what you feel is mostly kind of sad. Yeah. Maybe a little worried about Yeah. I get worried about that. Uh huh. That's not necessarily the way I basically think. And I gather, a bit anxious as well? A little bit.
38819	I think I can do that. That sounds manageable? It just doesn’t sound like it’s going to be enough. It’s not enough forever. But it’s what you can fit in these couple of days so that instead of seeing all the options that are closed to you, it’s the option that you can take these couple of days. I want to go on walks. I really do. Just drudging through the snow with my snow boots and things being slippery, I hate it so much. I know.
38847	I have a lot of things to say, because I’m thinking very much about what’s going on. Sometimes I’m letting things I don’t actually have any words for it, so I don’t have anything to say. I don’t want to just talk for the sake of talking. But, so that was what one thought is, a direct answer. But the other thought I had is, we’ve talked about
38873	Right. Are you away forI'm here, so I'm happy to reschedule if you were here, or else Yeah. So I'm not here next Wednesday. Right. But the following Wednesday is January 1st. Right. So I'm not I will be here, but I assume you are not working on January 1st. Right. So I'm not here on those Wednesdays, but I am here the other days. Okay. So I'm happy to reschedule.
38884	But the bedtime ritual lasted an hour and a half, and there was the peeing and the brushing the teeth and then demanding a snack and then brushing teeth again, and then demanding water, and then demanding a story, and then coming out of the room, and demanding more water, then wanting another story, because now she was out of bed. And at one point she insisted she wanted me to read her a story. They both just kind of looked at me helplessly, and were like could you go read her a story please? I was like, what the hell is this?
38928	You were trying to gather it into all of your trauma. Ehh. I'm not doing it. Meaning writing? Or not getting people together? Yeah. No, not really. It's a curse to be so ambitious. It must be nice to just not be as much. I have all of these things on my plate. No one put them there. I'm putting them there, but I can't help it. I
38936	is that it can't go a lot faster even if Ivan were to go into the hospital for example, say he were to feel so suicidal again that Dr. Board... to me what feels hopeful about this is whether you and Ivan stay together or not, is Ivan is now,
38937	I think I feel guilty that I can't just handle all of it, but there's also a sense in which I acknowledge that I have limits and I seem to be running into some of them. Then this gets us back into our question of what are real limits and what are not real limits? So what should I just work harder at and what is actually a limit? It sounds like you're feeling more angry. Maybe we should talk more about that.
38946	but I was definitely overreacting to the normal amount of . . . I shouldn't have been reacting as strongly as I have been and I think if I'd been in a better place I wouldn't have been reacting as strongly as I did. Those have triggered, but the rest of it comes from seemingly nowhere. Out of the blue? Yeah. That's the part that makes me think it's brain chemistry;
38954	but . . . Well, she could be proactive. I mean, I get what you mean, that she can’t call him up. And it probably wouldn’t help for her to let him know she’s been speaking with you. But in terms of being supportive of you and also in terms of, I don’t know, trying to find him treatment or help him financially.
38964	But that's not the case. And what if the reality is this type of job is, you know, totally unrelated to what he went to school for. What if that's the best fit for him for now, for a while? Mm hm. It's scary for me and I feel bad about that. Hm. I feel responsible that he doesn't feel proud of it. Mm. That he's like afraid to feel proud of it. Mm hm. If he were a doctor right now - Yeah.
38994	when there is an actual posting for a job. I can write an application that indicates why I would be a good match for that position. When there is no posting, I know that the person who is reading it will still have a set of criteria.
39023	One thing I haven't really said anything about to anyone else, but in the last week a number of people, particularly her friends, but a number of people, have sort of like... been congratulatory and said things like, "I'm so happy for both of you," things like that. And while in a general sense I sort of appreciate the sentiment I think, I find it irritating because I don't feel like this is a thing we did. This is a thing that I did in spite of circumstances, some of which were Tanya. So. I mostly wanted to say that. So now I have and that's better, thank you.
39025	Well, I should say I don’t want to sleep. Sleep brings nightmares with it and I have the same nightmare over and over. I was wondering if I could get something to help me sleep and forget past events. Dr. White also indicated that you are having some other concerns. Would you like to tell me about your concerns other than sleep? I would also add that if you have questions or don’t understand something at any point during this interview, please feel free to ask me for clarification. Are you comfortable telling me about your troubles specifically?
39037	and still okay, and still even good. Yeah, I think in a general sense, it seems helpful to... have the non-ideality be acknowledged. But there are unhelpful ways of doing that. People will say things like, “Well, nothing is perfect.” That’s true, but that’s... you know, that’s the... if my... view of things is non ideal, and therefore bad, it’s naïve
39040	...Whilst reminding yourself that you don't need to do it perfectly well. Right. I'm urging you to do it the best you can! And when we get together for the next session, we will go over that. OK, sounds good. Specifically, I would like you and tell me what you think of this to do one or some ABCDE's in relation to when you make yourself depressed. OK.
39070	And I think, you know, you can be proud of yourself for getting in your one application a week because that's more than you had been doing the weeks prior. And I know it didn't result in the way you wanted yet but... Though my parents... My mom seemed kind of skeptical when I told her I'm doing one application a week. But I'm like, "It's more than I was doing before." Mm hmm. That's all I can do right now. So I almost applied to two jobs last week. Like there were two that I could have applied to but the other one,
39076	I know depression is more consistent than that. Typically. A more common descriptor of depression is having those really low feelings pretty consistently. Nobody has a textbook. People's experiences don't fit into boxes perfectly. What's really important is that you're feeling badly more frequently than you're comfortable with and more frequently than we would hope. I'm encouraged that you have days where you get a break from those feelings, but I don't want you feeling really down a couple of days a week.
39113	Maybe more generally like, this concern like, “Do the people in charge know what they’re doing?” Yeah. And... In many circumstances, the answer is “sort of.”
39145	Yeah, that’s true. Or that, you know, that it might be hard to leave the house sometimes, but when you do, it might be good. You get over that hurdle. I guess it’s also like freaking out on those nights like being able to get dinner before rehearsal and stuff. Especially, you know, now that I don’t have anyone making me dinner anymore. Being able to do that all myself. Yeah. I mean, to be responsible for that for yourself.
39168	How’s the tightness now? It’s like a little bit there. Yeah, I saw that shaky breath, which I think is maybe part of what happened. Your chest gets really tight. Yeah. Like it’s not as bad as it’s like been the past few days. Well, I’m glad to hear that. Yeah. See if you can take some really deep breaths. Let the oxygen do its work. So what do I have the moment when I can’t calm down and can’t make the tightness go away?
39177	So ... It feels frustrating and insulting and I’m also a little bit glad that I don’t have to deal with it but I guess part of the frustration is that people have been asking me lately, “Oh yeah, that thing your department’s doing”. Yep. I’m not involved. It’s technically not my department, it’s technically another group that’s half of my apartment.
39178	Yes, so I guess another way to describe it is I feel like there’s a conflict between my, as you put it, commitment to commitment and my desire to not be unhappy forever or not be unhappy right now. And I guess there is some resolution to that conflict in what you were just saying. But I also don’t know how to work out that conflict
39217	I really got the winner's share of the farm. All the male players on my team are going out Saturday night and Sunday I have the football game. What are you going to do with all your free time?
39218	Okay. That's the part that feels really hard because I'm like, "Oh, I should be able to pack up everything."  You can't do everything at once, but you can set one goal, do it, and let go of it. Yeah. That's true. That still won't change the whole evening getting food situation. It doesn't sound like you don't feel like you can do much to change it. Yeah.
39224	is really messed up from his parents; he has numerous problems. We should stop. Okay. Thanks Yup.
39262	When we get to a point where I feel like I understand something, then often... my focus will shift to... back to you, in some sense. It’s like, that’s where we start the session, is, you know... I’m acutely aware that you’re present. Then I come back to that when I... I feel like I have things in hand or something like that.
39274	Yeah. I'm upset with myself right now because I don't know what my next step is. So it's like really, it's not feeling very tolerable. Mm. Ramona, how has your depression and anxiety been this week? Um. Well I saw you not that long ago. Yeah.
39279	Yeah, yeah. You can go back to Dr. Carlton, but I don't think this is something that we should medicate. This is what you would do if something like this happened. It was starting to happen after Monday and you will come out of this, probably actually sooner than you think. Yeah, yeah. Right, right. I've been reminding myself of that, too. That's what I was saying, I'm actually handling it better than . . .
39283	That sounded really accusing but... he said "I don't know if this is around the time you went home to get your car inspected but...I don't know if Ivan... if it sounded like you didn't want him to go. I don't want to get in the middle of that but..." So he just kind of let me know that he thought it was me kind of...
39321	" Well that's the customs form for packages over 16 ounces." "Well, it doesn't say that on the form and I didn't know," and then he made me go get back in the back of the line. Ugh. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of times they just let people, if they make you go get something, they just say, " Come back up to the front." Not today. Yeah.  I don't know. What's on your mind?
39327	Yes. But I would say I look at Ivan and say, "That's a little black and white." Mm. Or, "That's a little " Like I can - Uh huh. Uh huh. But it's hard for me I guess to do it as much with myself. And even if I do, even if I am aware that that's a bit, it's still hard to pull back because some of the emotions that go with that. Yeah, yeah. So, well versed intellectually, and then there's concepts. And it sounds like you've been recognizing it
39359	If you continue to feel like Dr. Farrow's not getting it, like if you feel like it's biased and you've had a chance to talk about that then it's not working for you.
39365	It sounds like it's worth asking a question because I don't, I wouldn't know which to pick. Yeah. If something were in my field or remotely close to what I want to be doing it would be one thing but it's like when my mom sends me jobs sometimes they at least make sense. But my dad sends me jobs; they never make sense. Yeah. I mean, I think if there's, if there's an internship that interests you and it's unclear about whether or not it's a paid position, maybe worth a phone call or an e-mail... Yeah.
39390	So the networking thing I think... You know, yeah, I don't know people who work in other libraries that I'd want to work in or... Yeah. Do you know that the people that you know in libraries don't know people in the field that don't work at the same libraries? That might... I don't know. It's also been a while since I've like talked to any of the people. You know, and really the only people at is the Divinity school library that was because I,
39463	need both car seats, then I've got to go back and get Ian for club scouts.It's the big PAC meeting.I've never been to a PAC meeting, so I don't know what we're going to do there.Ian's sleeping over.Are you like a den dad or something or are you just going?No, I'm just an adult in the
39464	And in talking to them, they seemed, I don’t know, proactive. We can do this little and then. I don’t know. People like Marlowe and Vicky are very. Anything that we’re looking up stuff for, with me or giving me options, so, yeah. Yeah. I don’t know. I don’t know. I guess I’m like a, I don’t know, point person or something. A what?
39480	I loved my grandparents as a child. I love this house, except for the basement. I used to have to play with my cousin in the basement. He was not a nice person, five years older than me and liked to teach me all sorts of things - sexual things. I was only five at the time and didn’t understand. I felt dirty and ashamed. I didn’t tell anyone until I was an adult. I have gone to counselling for this as an adult - no one else knows.
39504	My parents haven't visited me since I was in college in Texas. So it's an interesting and different thing. I was in Ohio for four years and after a couple of years my mother decided that she might want to visit instead of just me coming back to visit which in a lot of ways made more sense me visiting home because the rest of my family is there. It's one person far away and six people relatively close. The direction of travel makes sense for me to be going back home, but
39509	I was talking with Camilla about how I was feeling pretty bad Sunday and I said something. I think I said that I don’t understand how Denver hasn’t been swallowed up in earthquakes with how sad I feel. She was like “that really sucks.” That was really pretty . . . Thanks? The thing is I feel so bad about putting things on people. I want to find a way to make it bearable for them.
39542	Yeah. One of things that's hard, I mean Dr. Farrow said that she does experience the dynamic in the room gets so polarized where you're holding this kind of rage and criticism and he's holding all of the shame and kind of recoiling. I think that the thing I would be pushing you guys to start getting out there and understanding together is that I don't think you're the only one with rage and criticism in the room and I don't think he's the only one with shame in the room. And the anxiety.
39552	It’s quite loud cause he’s a big guy... He’s a big. Is he a big guy? He’s a big guy yeah, yeah and he’s got a big beard. What’s he like then? Well he’s a big guy with a big beard, yeah. - I called him Beardy once. He didn’t like that he got a right hump... - Christ he, I called him Beardy, Beardy. - Yeah I can imagine. Yeah cos I just... - And what kind of......
39571	They're just so I don't even know what they're talking about. They're arguing over stuff and taking hot shots at each other. The disenfranchised trustee is, you know, both trustees gave me
39614	There should be a coffee shop in this little square. You can never have too many coffee shops. I guess at some point I'm supposed to feed Ian. You're going to need to feed him, I think. I've got to figure out what to do. It's such a pain in the ass. We should stop for now. I'll see you on Tuesday next week, but I'm out on Friday. Okay. That's right, next week. I hope you weren't worried.
39623	I'm supposed to make our estimated tax payment today. Jess is waiting on a check and we're going to mail it out today without having enough money, hoping that check comes in. I've got a closing on Friday but that's not going fund until next Wednesday. Right. So I don't know what to do there. I mean, I know they get a lot of estimates in and they don't cash them the day they get them.
39635	I mean, I don't know whether that's true or not, but if I act like that's true then the next thing for me to do is figure out what I'm going to do next and say, "Look, no I actually have to figure out what I have to do next." So then I talk to James again and said, "No, I pretty much just have to keep doing the same thing. It's not time for me to decide that I've failed at this yet." Right
39649	Like, “You know, today it’s one thing, and tomorrow it might be something else. I’m going to revise and update.” Whereas like, “This is how it works.” I know that’s not – It’s close anyway. I don’t know, but I think – I think actually what I’m sort of objecting to, I’m not getting mad at I don’t know.
39663	Yes, I had the experience of, as you were talking about it. You know, you were talking about it and it made good sense, then you sort of said, “But also not intellectually, you know, it’s not just facts, it’s also feelings.” Yeah, of course. But I have a much less clear sense of... how do you sort out feelings? Yeah, and I guess, one of the ways that I do that is I project them into the “fact space,” so
39667	work more that way. I'm not sure that would be more helpful. Let's see, and tomorrow, yeah, that's okay, 5:45? Yeah. Okay good.
39688	Yeah. I mean it really helps. I feel terrible that I really go out like this. This is hard and Josh seems to be in a better place about it. It's okay that you don't get to the same place at the same time. It sounds like you didn't anger him that you weren't exactly where he was and that your reaction was different.
39726	I think part of what that is for you, which may not address the kind of broader issue, but is you for the moment forgetting who's responsible for this you've rarely been able to share your suffering with the people around with whom you might. Yeah. I very often feel like when I'm doing badly and I talk to somebody about it, at the end of it I sort of feel like, "Great, now we're both unhappy. Awesome."
39744	I'm not sure because they're like at least a couple but then again maybe you could consider them like you know if I don't get a distraction then it's one panic attack, just a very long panic attack, you know, and then I guess like when I have rehearsal and stuff, okay so I have a panic right before rehearsal, go to rehearsal, feel fine for rehearsal, get out of rehearsal another panic attack. So whenever you're not occupied. Yeah. Your mind or your body are panicking.
39749	research are pretty similar as far as the idea the process of coming up with something new and the process of figuring out what is already known. They have some, for me, some essential similarity. They may not be as similar as I think they are because other people certainly seem to find them very, very discrete categories. It's interesting. For me it's like here are the values of what we know. Obviously, the next thing to look for is this. But if you take
39784	I guess I’m afraid with music that the time commitment issue and not being able to make rehearsals or feeling trapped that I have to go to rehearsal and I’m like really sad or something. What would be the worst case scenario? I missed rehearsal and end up staying on the wall and crying and feeling the tightness and not having it go away. I guess if I miss too many rehearsals and getting kicked out. And that probably would happen. It’s never happened in the past.
39793	You know, it's like I'm just like... ...different, yeah. Am I just, you know, too tired and this is giving me energy or is it really helping my focus and stuff like that? I thought about something that I was able to focus on a little better. I can't remember what it was. I think Ian was bothering me while I was trying to do something. I can't remember.
39802	We're so far off of counter-factuals we could actually observe that I'm not even sure what difference it makes. Yeah, I don't know. What were you just thinking about? Just sort of . . . nothing that stuck, particularly, just how did we get to here?
39833	Dr. Barnes, when I had asked her before, she doesn't really think I could go up more on the Desipramine and that. She didn't think going up more would actually help. It's really hard when I'm feeling this miserable to want to go out and exercise and do stuff.
39912	So, I guess it seems to me that for you to feel more sure about how things there are fucked up, and how she really should be responsible for her kid; like she’s being mean to her kid. Yeah.
39921	or asked a question. He will look around the room and wait for someone to respond. He seems perfectly content to wait for long periods of time, or some. It has the effect of when there are actually questions, someone will eventually ask the question, but... So, do you think that’s coincidental? Or that was actually a... Causative? Causative, yeah.
39927	the name of it, but it was near Southwest—it was basically people are finishing up their Ph.D. who needed hours. And I think it’s you pay on a sliding scale. So, I told him to look into that. You pick whatever you can kind of thing. I don’t know. I thought that would be good, because I feel like—I don’t know. I don’t know. These people would be super-eager to help him. And they’re being advised or
39932	like it's me being weak I guess and guess it's like lately I've been trying to be better about it and stuff, but - You've been weak? Oh, the fact that I give in instead of just not saying anything at all. I mean not that Sydney wants me to like not tell him when I'm feeling this way but I guess I could do it in a more productive way. What would that be? Not asking if I could kill myself but just be like, 'by the way I feel like I want to hurt myself right now.'
39964	away one of those pieces, presumably, it's the next obvious piece to look for in the so. Thinking about the shovel and the pen that's good for its contrast. And I'd much rather tell which of them never existed and which of them existed and ceased to be and which are just hidden. And on that note, we're going to stop today. See you next week? Okay. Take care. Bye-bye. You to.
39995	for that gland stable is probably a good idea when one already has difficulties regulating mood. So This is one of the things where we've talked some about my difficulty with what is she responsible for and what is she not?
40030	My husband was also a yeller and controller. He means to protect me, but it goes too far. Have you had other therapy or medications in the past, perhaps when you saw the counselors in the past? No medications and just basically talked about things that have happened in the past. Sometimes I feel stuck and need to talk to my counselor, if that makes sense.
40041	express my pain and frustration. Well I think there's... You know, the... Part of it is the chronicity of it in that this is not, these are not isolated events. They're not feeling like isolated events anymore. Yeah.
40076	So you've been having a rough time. Yeah, more panic attacks and stuff. It was really Sydney who wanted me to get the extra appointment, so I said sure because it was starting to get really rough on him because it wasn't like I wanted to hurt myself, it was me asking him like trying to convince him that it would be that he'd be better off if I were dead and stuff which I guess I like something that's really hard to listen to. Is that how you feel?
40091	wanted to divorce. And she, I don’t know, from where I’m standing, it looks like she emotionally coerced him and belittled him into going to counseling with her. And, you know, Christopher said in counseling, and he said before counseling, and he has been very consistent about saying that he feels like their marriage has been emotionally abusive towards him, and he just wants out, and there’s nothing she can do to convince him otherwise.
40092	Well it sounds like that's one component of it is not... I mean, part of it is feeling like there's not enough intimacy but he's also not following through on other plans that you've made. Yeah. Like he ended up being awake for New Year Eve but we didn't get to do anything romantic mostly because he was sick and so that was a disappointment. He was like, "Oh, we can do something romantic later in the week." I was like, "Okay." That never happened either. Mm hmm.
40100	to think about the intervening time between here and there where everything either ends up being and none of it is And I know that it has sorrow and hardship and all of that attached, but yeah, it's okay because it's going somewhere. I've had a couple of other thoughts and one is and we've talked about this before all of your experiences, disillusionment in your life and how just deeply disturbing that is and has been for you.
40102	It’s sort of it occurs to me that I should probably talk out some of the features of the last week. So Tanya’s friend Candace came to visit. Candace was Tanya’s roommate at William & Mary. A very good friend; she’s great. So one of the few people for who it’s always good for for who for Tanya it’s always good to visit so, it’s helpful to have her be here. It’s good.
40125	No he's definitely not. He's definitely not, that's a significant point. Definitely not. So he said I was too young and then proceeded to tell me about his boss and how his boss had a herniated disc and how he's had three steroid injections, that surgery is definitely the next step because he plays golf and he's active and
40157	that that could feel a lot better, a lot different. Yeah. And if we came to the realistic understand that that was his passion and that's what he was going to do, but he wasn't going to pay the bills. We were going to compensate through me, through him doing another job, like some way. Yeah. I feel like that would be a more realistic scenario. Mm hm.
40189	Yeah. And like he's been depressed for almost a year. Like that's a really long time. Yes it is. I mean, it's not his fault because like he's at least, it's not like he's been avoiding therapy and drugs or anything like that. He's... He has appointments. He makes them. He goes to them. I mean, granted a lot of his therapy has been phone sessions because he's been feeling sick but he still usually goes to his therapy twice a week. But it's...
40206	he's done this a few times, like he was telling my friend Sophie about how hard it is to watch his kids have relationships and how scary it is and how terrifying it is for him as a father and you know he's around the other side of me from her this is like when he told my friend did I ever tell you about this? He told my friend that he thought that Josh was going to die last year when we were out to dinner. No. No.
40211	But right now I’m very frustrated with this idea of like trying to make our relationship better when in fact Tanya is out of the crisis where she was hospitalized but she’s still pretty bad. Like she’s not doing well. So we go there and like we can’t really talk
40232	that? How do you live with all that stuff going on inside? Do you think that's how your mother lived? Maybe. I always felt like my mother was very fragile. Even now, she sees herself as being so self-aware, but if I think if you ever really like, got anywhere, got her to really look inside I think she would fall apart. I think that's how she got through life is to have the same kind of detachment.
40244	Marie was visiting. I had just gotten back from my trip in Madagascar. It was maybe a month and a half after going to volunteer in Madagascar, which was where my stomach problems kind of just I like started eating again and it was kind of like a combination,
40255	I don't know exactly why. I have been feeling more angry at it. I think there's a sense in which Tanya wants to have her life back and have it be okay and wants to . . . yeah, I'm not exactly sure.
40285	Yeah. I ended up going, and so, the convention’s at the hotel Western Convention Center of, like, a big Westin, and something like three thousand people. And last time I went it was more like two thousandish at the plaza. It was really intensely noisy and aggravating in that, like,
40319	I guess I’m also afraid that like, you know, now I’m starting to feel like older than all the people in the group and if that’s going to be an issue. Right now, if I come back, I wouldn’t be the oldest member of the group. And how does the age become an issue? Well, you know, it would be…
40353	And handle, meaning...? Not go into a spiral that ends up in the very bad place again, you know, in suicidality or self-injury or the hospital. I can't answer that on a practical level... But it seems like ultimately an untenable way to live your life. Hmm
40370	we're... some of us are leaving the reception, the wedding reception at two in the morning there's still a whole lot of dancing and drinking and partying going on. But it's time for some of us to leave, myself included. But Amanda, Tanya's sister, is still there. And so, in that... that was the only moment in which we had anything like a conversation about it. And in that moment she wanted to tell me that... I wanted to leave, didn't really want to be having a conversation at that moment. This was a, like,
40395	In some circumstances I feel like I'm drawing a line where this is okay and this is not okay. Like any use of chemical warfare not okay. But then I might say something as ideally in order to use chemical weapons which I don't think you really disagree with but Well, ideally you would have married the person that you thought you married and she wouldn't be suicidal and she would embrace the same values that you have.
40411	Yeah. I don't know how I could get my sleep cycle to move earlier. It should be a simple thing because I'm waking up between seven and eight. You would think I would just fall asleep after sixteen hours of being awake, but no. Who prescribes for you?
40417	He wanted me to go to the pub last week and I absolutely promised that I would, because I’d begun to stop wanting to go out because I’m so afraid it’s going to happen and I promised and promised him I’d go to the pub and then when it came to it I just couldn’t, I just sat on the sofa and it started to happen again.
40425	So I don't know. It's like I'm at the mercy of the IRS, asking them for this offer in compromise. One of the things they look at is that you're making your payments. In fact, it is a violation of the terms to not make your — I see, make your estimated tax payment.
40464	that stuff than there generally is. Yeah, and the hotel that it’s in, while there’s a lot of space, which is good, the main lobby area is like, it was designed for business conventions, not a ton of people being really social and running around screaming. So, you know, like ... there’s that setup,
40520	Inhale dropping your head to the opposite shoulder, exhaling letting it float up to the center noticing how your neck feels different. On the next inhale you shrug your shoulders toward your ears
40521	Yeah I get....you should know that cos you know you’re a doctor as well aren’t you? Yeah. So you should know these things. Yeah. And is that how the voice seems to you? I hear him in my ears... You hear him in your ears? Because that’s what I’m used to hearing.... and he talks to me with his mouth cos he’s, he’s. So the voice that seems to come through your ears rather than from inside your head?
40542	No. Because she already feels guilty about not having gotten the medication and so like I intend to ask her but the problem with exponential decay is like impulse treatment it's easy to drop off very quickly. So after a week she would have half or less of the hormone in her system, but it takes a long time to build back up. And so if this is actually a contributing factor,
40562	I don't know completely why. I always do. Huh. I think it's really it is the money. I have some issues with money - Huh. being spent on me. Hm. So one of the things I wonder, because you're describing it both in money and then also in time, your sister's time. If it is hard for you to be given to, like really for someone to lovingly give something to you that you take - Yeah.
40566	like a pleasant bird, but it was just like, has a very intense gaze, and will wait for you to talk. Like a therapist? In many ways, yeah. But... much more expectantly. I feel like, especially you and... you sit and I feel that there is an expectation that I will speak, but your gaze is not particularly expectant, if that makes sense.
40597	Right. Nobody is going to — I doubt it's going to be a week. The state is pretty quick. That's only $100-something, so that's not too bad. I would've had most of the money, but my car payment hit today. Yay car payment. I'm also trying not to bounce that $1500 check where the client fired me. Right.
40631	That was actually meant to be a question. Really? Yeah. Well, what'sSo if theSo that means that there's more than one answer to that question. So what are the different answers? Uh, yes and no. Or, "That's not the right way to think about it," or something. Well, it's something that you want in a relationship, so it seems like that's a good
40643	is that no, that is effective... Looking for the beliefs. ... Oh, that is looking for the belief. OK. What stage is that in the A B C ? Well, it is the activating event, then it is looking for the belief. Which is the "B." Yeah, "B." Yes. I didn't know what
40657	about trust. I mean we did because that was where the conversation went. And I didn’t avoid it like I do sometimes. But that ends up in the place where I say like I don’t trust here and why should I so which I feel like is not particularly helpful to Tanya when she’s, you know, struggling with her broken leg. Well but it’s the truth. Yes.
40660	I'm Biomechanics should be in a laboratory. Like so that's gone. If that makes sense. And so that has dramatically lessened my feeling of being trapped I think, at least for now. Do you know-we've talked about this a little bit before, but do you know what you'd like to do next? Not in an ideal sense. I don't know what the ideal thing would be to do. But I also know that I want to eat, and I would like to do biomechanics I think.
40672	noticing where that brings tension to your shoulders, your neck or your upper back letting them drop all the way down as you exhale. Inhale shrugging up, exhale and release. On your next inhale in you're going to bend your elbows bringing your hands toward your shoulders noticing what that feels like in your biceps and then as you exhale let those arms fall and relaxing all the way. Inhale bending the elbows, and then you exhale letting those arms go, notice how the tension drains out of your shoulders and your arms. On your next inhale you're going to
40712	Yeah, I mean I could have more. Ah, so Josh's idea of why I needed to have a bad childhood to be happy is that you can push through suffering and suffer a speed cyclist they say if you suffer for hours and hours and hours it was just a New York Times article about athletes who get really, really injured and thrown out of their sport and how it ruins their lives. I think Josh was actually really happier even, was it yesterday? Well, it's validating for him.
40720	We can usually bear tragedy, horror, intense discomfort for a limited time. You actually, you are doing some of the steps of the cognitive work that helps and just pushing yourself to take that next step, making it present centered rather than letting your thoughts be about the future and beyond. That's part of what makes it so overwhelming is when you think it's going to be forever. But it still feels like it's you know because like I feel like I shouldn't be kept on something by now,
40725	It’s also a feature of like, dinner with more than one person, so I... And I do wonder like, what other people are thinking about in other contexts, also, but... Sometimes I have a clear sense of what they’re doing, and I do hear. So like, in a lot of meetings, I know which of my colleagues
40742	you were more reluctant to answer. I could be wrong in that belief. Recognize that is the premise under which I’m operating here. We talked a lot after I asked that about why am I so curious about your pregnancy. And so I’ve continued to think about that question. I think there are several things going on. Like I said, a big snarl of things here. So just try to keep talking and see what we’ll get.
40780	No, she isn't complaining. She will tell me "You know, if I'm ever in a situation you would do the same,", that I would be there and I would...and then of course, again, my issue is that I then think "I can't think about that right now. I just have to get better myself. I don't want to think about you having an issue, that's like this,
40782	Where do you want to start? I know it's not time to symbolize depression yet, but I think I have what would be depression if it were happening consistently for two weeks. What's going on? What are you feeling and then I want to know when it started. I'm feeling like a lot of time I'm having unsettled thoughts, more like wanting to hurt myself non-fatally thoughts. Really, easily like overreacting to anything small going wrong.
40783	I just sort of was “Oh my God. I hate everyone”. I mean, and also I had a complete　freak out before packing because I couldn’t find a bottle of painkillers. I had a bottle of Vicodin　and I couldn’t find it anywhere. So I got super stressed about it, like tearing apart my　apartment. Sorry. What’s hurting? My hip. That did used to hurt. I know I haven't heard for a while.I don't think we've talked about it for a while.
40804	There are like two sets of fears there. One is that she will behave in a way that her mother did. And one is that she will inflict the damages that were inflicted on her on our children because there’s a real sense of…she feels like she’s inflicted them on me. So I think that’s a list of my major concerns.
40827	is hard to know what comes first, but I think that, if we start with... Just do your ABCs. OK, fine. I got it. How are you feeling now, in comparison to how you felt an hour or so ago? Definitely better, more empowered and more ready to sort of attack a lot my these thoughts. And... The irrational... Attack the irrational beliefs, yeah.
40833	allow it to leave, relaxing your body as you exhale. Take a moment to notice again the thoughts that may have entered into your mind, acknowledge them and let them go without any judgment from what you're noticing and allow yourself to repeat that process as many times as it feels useful. Noticing what you feel, noticing what you've noticed in your head and then let it go giving yourself a moment to be free, empty, relaxed. And let yourself count out
40840	Fair enough. What are you thinking? I would just say that was a really good thing to say. Yeah, I think it's right, there are two fairly obvious end points that None of which is ideal necessarily, but this is the real world whatever. No, neither is ideal and both have unpleasant and disappointing aspects to them for sure. Yeah.
40875	I always think that I'm still in a phase of being fit and being thinner, you know? Like I'm not supposed to be skinny, like I'm supposed to have meat on my bones and be strong and curvy. So I don't think I'm skinny, but fit. I'm always scared that I'm going to become that fat kid again, and so I'm very, very obsessive about what I eat, and I plan... like I plan my meals a lot.
40879	was a lot more detailed than ones in the past. So like stuff about my psychiatrist - Why? Yeah. Saying that like,
40881	I mean last year none of this happened. Right. I would want to like to want to go out to do anything and he was depressed. Sad and kind of afraid to let you go. So you really have found he's found different ways it sounds like to cope with it and you've found different ways to cope with that as a couple because you need to find a way that you are both taken care of and it sounds like you're figuring that out.
40885	and so you’re not really in the same risk bracket as he would’ve been. So, I don’t think that there is a problem with your heart, I guess what I’m wondering is whether actually what’s going on is a little more what the doctor thought, whether actually this might be the anxiety that’s giving you a lot of these symptoms. Have you ever thought it might be something else rather than a heart problem?
40902	Yeah. So rather than look for reasons why it might not be good now or might not be good in the future, I wonder what stops you from letting yourself kind of give it a try. I guess it’s the depression is what stops me. The anxiety. Your job is for you to be in control and not let the anxiety and depression be in control. Anxiety and depression impact you, but you don’t have to let it control you. So I know that it…
40905	You sound like you need more protection right now from playing that role and anything and everything we can do to help you not play that role anymore. It doesn't mean being extremely angry but it just might mean saying...stepping out of scenarios in which you feel drawn in to take care of him just not doing that. It's impossible.
40921	Mm-hmm. The plan was that we were going to first, before we went out and met our friends, Marie and I were going to meet my mom. My mom works in the city, so we were going to meet my mom at her office and my mom was going to take us to a Red Cross information session that was being held in Chicago. The plan was not to do the  cocaine before we went to meet my mom, obviously, but I remember there was like some trouble. We didn't think we were going to get it. The guy that I was supposed to get it from
40943	It is easier than the disputing, yeah. And what you've recognized tonight is that it will serve you well to be more thorough in expressing the irrational beliefs. Yes. So, yes, let's make that a part of your homework. But may I give you more? Oh, yeah, and then the disputing, of course.
40959	a part of you that – of course even though you should be. Yeah. No, yeah, that seems so obvious to me that it only just occurred to me that you were questioning that. Right. We should stop now. Sure.
40967	Yes - when soldiers come home and have a hard time adapting back into normal life, right? That is correct. There are other situations where people can have PTSD such as traumatic stressful events such as car accidents, living through a natural disaster,
40975	Yeah. I grabbed Cecelia; I grabbed my shoes. My mom was already awake. I was like, "We're going right now. We're getting in the car and we're going." But then, for whatever reason, I thought to call 911 and, when I told them my address and stuff, they were like, "Just turn off all the lights and don't go near the windows. Definitely do not leave your house. Lock all the doors." It was crazy. On the other hand, once it was over I also felt a tremendous
41001	That was the dream she had always been sold. She had a whole lot of people give her bad advice. It's just factually inaccurate. It just is. Not the least because in her first three years she got a one degree and then she spent another year getting another degree instead of graduating early because she recognized that she couldn't get a job with the first degree. This is the conversation we've been having for our entire relationship,
41014	but sort of in the long run is to feel angry and trapped and maybe over time, resentful. That is an option. It would be an unfortunate one for you. Yeah. I want the framing that you gave because it so that's not really an option in the original set up, right? You said, eventually you will feel okay in one of these two set ups. Right. Exactly.
41028	Right now volunteering wouldn't really getting in the way of something else. You have time to do it. It's just annoying that I don't have something else to do. Because now it's been over a year that I have been unemployed. And like I really didn't think I'd be unemployed this long. It's longer than you expected. Yeah. Like I really thought I'd find a job. It's a long time. And I haven't and like the, I don't know, the economy is getting better but
41082	So when we were on dates, he would pretend everything was normal, and he didn’t talk about his depression the way all of my other friends did. from that. Well, one thing that seems to be , but that seems to be true in the way you’re describing Yovan and Vanessa sort of talking to you, you’d also know you’re talking about it, is
41146	Yeah. Again, that sounds more like it's a worry based in some understanding of the possibilities of reality. What if, for example, for him to feel like he was functioning at his best in a life that he was happy with, he was going to be a manager at Subway for the next twenty years? You have to take in your breath even. Yeah.
41162	So I need to help her cook. So not really a chance for a walk. Well, one way to do it is to think about, I know a long way back we thought about instead of thinking about doing that concentrated exercise, just how to build a little bit more movement or activity in to the day. So it sounds like you’re going to be, you know, like parking at work, parking at the doctor’s office… Yeah. Park a little bit further away.
41165	Does that make it’s not a great analogy. It actually is a pretty good analogy but that’s sort of how I don’t know if that addresses some of the frustration that you’re feeling.
41232	And a guilty part of me inside thinks, "Ivan's almost old enough. What if he was about to be a doctor? What if he was about to be lawyer or a Wow, that would be awesome." Mm. Like to be married to someone who was - Mm hm. I don't know, energetic and had a great career that they were passionate about and did a lot with. Hm. Your two choices of role models were that or your Mom. Right.
41250	Well, I think anger sometimes just masks your real feelings. So, it's not really a feeling necessarily. I think with Harold it's probably easier than dealing with how sad it is. What his situation is. What has happened to his life. Well, I guess it also, being detached serves my purpose well, my situation with Harold, because I don't have to walk around feeling upset all the time that Harold is in pain or Harold isn't happy. He can't do certain things.
41254	So like anthropology. Yes. So part of me was like “I already know what you’re talking about”. The other part of me is thinking “What you’re describing as being really innovative isn’t”. So part of her, “This is so amazing and innovative”, was recording people on film. Well, digital film.
41257	I think, about what you feel and what happens the closer you get to somebody that makes you then sort of look elsewhere. You think a lot of confusion as new things were getting opened up for the first time and then this happens. I could see in that state that this just added fuel to the fire, being totally turned upside down and inside out for a while.
41293	The idea of your saying things that interest me is maybe a way I would want you to stay around. Hm. Seems reasonable. Yeah, that one's complicated. I assume you don't have anyone that comes in here and tries to alienate you. Like that they're so above they're going to throw on, I don't know...
41303	One day I had a fruit or a vegetable . . .  It has to be a choice, too.  . . . in my lunches all 30 days of work. How did that feel?
41305	The new information about the job didn't really speed up the timeline of looking for a job. It actually sounds like they'll find work for you for a little bit longer than you may have anticipated, but at the same time that you started hearing about that or taking about that it sounds like you also got some advice online that you should be doing your job search now.
41350	I hate thinking, I can't you say that's right. What do I talk about in response to that? And I think the important thing is that I think that is impacting the way I interact with people more generally, particularly friends. I think that in a sense, habit of bracketing my needs, is in
41356	even when you’re feeling pretty bad, you generally still do? It’s really bad. I mean it gets worse than this, but not that much worse. Yeah. I haven’t forgot; I’m trying to remember the last time it was like this; it’s been awhile. On one hand, it’s mostly an of self hatred and fighting amongst yourself?
41376	In other words, what I mean is depression is not very descriptive compared to something like paranoid schizophrenia or borderline personality disorder. Those things seem more descriptive than things like depression or generalized anxiety. I think that depression is about as useful a description as fever, in some ways. Yes, whereas I do think that something like paranoid schizophrenia or disorder are a little more useful, I think. It doesn’t say a lot about who the person is.
41399	How many there are. Had you been asleep? No. I was wide awake. I had just walked down that way that night. It was a nice night. Since I already wasn't feeling that great that week I was like, "You know, I'm just going to take a walk." I walked right where it all went down
41409	And he was happy doing that and he managed to find a way of functioning well doing that. What do you do then? Is that enough for you? The thing that happens with that type of hypothetical scenarios is, a small part of me looks at Ivan and says, "Why would that be?" Like, "What happened?" Uh huh. Or, "Why is that?" You know. Uh huh.
41413	That's what you have left at that point is your family. So, you know, you've named all these really traumatic things that your mother experienced. It's quite a list. Do you feel that if she got in touch with those that she would be just too overwhelmed at what life had given to her, to have forced her to deal with and she'd simply say this was just too much? Yeah, because that's basically what happened. She just couldn't handle life. She couldn't handle having kids. She couldn't handle. It really wasn't until she got involved
41430	or like, have had to deal with being comfortable talking about that kind of stuff. I mean, clearly not, or something. I would think that, except that I think having a lot of white people who’ve done Afro Am, who are just, who are ... I don’t know. I guess it seems like they just feel like... what? Yeah, that’s the truth.
41441	To remind myself that I am a fallible human that does make mistakes, that doesn't do everything exactly like an ingredient that you put together and come up with some perfect model person; and that I'll still be loved, and if I'm not loved, then that is I have to love myself so that...
41468	She thought at that time, was feeling quite hopeful about where the two of you were beginning to head together. So I'm saying that now because I think just to know that their perspectives are that change is happening in him. It's not as fast maybe as you'd like it to happen but character change, personality change doesn't happen quickly. It takes years. So this is a new piece of the puzzle that Dr. Board didn't, he didn't know even that Ivan had made threats for example.
41485	Like I started to feel like James was upset with me because I wasn’t successful in my effort not to react in any way until I could assess what the best way of approaching the situation was. I literally had an involuntary exclamation when I read the e-mail.
41509	And what they’re saying is racking you. Yeah. It’s not like, this may be happening, but it’s not the affect that you’re describing that like what they’re feeling is getting metabolized. Right. Or you’re helping them metabolize it. It’s just like you’re all getting mangled. Yeah. By what’s happening to you. And
41525	I can't think of the word something about taking care of it or how are you going to sort of you being in charge of this. Feeling de facto in charge. I have to say families are different and so forth, but I think, God, especially at your ages and I know it's complicated given who you are and given Tanya's family dysfunction,
41529	No, I don't think so. No. I am encouraging you to dispute. I'm energetic. Yeah. But am I telling you, "Do it perfectly well, Jessa?" No. No, so you're adding that. Are you not? I am. So that is my hypothesis, that you're finding it is hard because you add to the task that you should be able to do it better, you should do it right. Yes.
41585	shithole, while I’m sitting Lego’s literally, because I can’t put them away, because that would shame her. But like there are no places to sit that aren’t covered in fucking Lego’s. And like her kid is misbehaved, but then she doesn’t discipline her kid. I’m also watching her, like actively not discipline her kid, while her kid is misbehaving while she’s telling me that she’s so miserable that her kid misbehaves.
41605	Clearly I need to be working. You would. Of course. Where's the money going to come from? One positive thing I did, which I'm hoping will help, is I joined, career services set up this job seekers workshop. Mm. And it's literally for new graduates - Ah. plus the Dean of Career Services. Uh huh. Meeting once a week and doing a check in and talk about strategies and things like that. Hm.
41606	it isn't making me worse so I guess that's a good thing, so it's like I just wanted to reduce the Wellbutrin anyway, so But it's not so it's not having a negative effect, but it's not having a positive effect either. Like, it's sort of like I guess the panic often, it won't start until mid-afternoon, perhaps earlier, but it still happens. It still happens almost every day. Almost every day? If not every day. How many panic attacks are you having in a day?
41638	I know that there is a lot that we haven't touched on about how things are awful, a lot to do with how sleeping affects you, work, which is what we were talking about last time, I think, and some of the suicidal thinking. I know I've asked a lot of questions. I guess I sort of felt like I want to get the lay of the land a little bit and worry about missing other things. Are there other things at the moment that we are missing? Are there other things that are feeling as bad as well?
41674	Well, notice that. You told me that you believed in your drama queen friend who is not a doctor, who was telling you you're going to be paralyzed for the rest of your life. Yes. It is the same tendency to assume and not question, assume and not question. OK. So time is moving on and we're not going to have time now...
41682	it's service to her depression or something. Do you feel that in addition to there not being more than Tanya's depression in your marriage do you feel that that's true for Tanya as a person too, that that is much of her life right now? Yeah. Yeah. I feel like she has worked hard in the last, I don't know, eight months, to make that less true, but... something can be less true and still very true. So.
41706	Do you think the ages of your daughters may trigger some of your memories? Probably. They are so small and innocent, I can’t go there.  How about mental or emotional abuse? Did you experience either or both of these? My mom was a yeller and threw things. She cursed a lot and was not a happy person. She had me when she was sixteen, so we always kind of clashed.
41718	What you're describing, it sort of changed over time, but this very close relationship with your emotions, with what you take in your body, and then sort of how you manage your emotions. And it's sort of morphed into something different now, but there's still that link. Now it's developed into an anxiety around it, an anxiety around what you're taking into your body. Even though it doesn't sound like it's an anxiety with food, but it sounds like that one experience I mean,
41771	Okay. Even if it's just to say "I feel like I'm holding a lot, I'm very worried about him, I wanted to see if it would be possible for you to check in with him yourself." See how she responds. I would not go into it with high hopes, in your own self-protection you might go into it assuming she's going to respond in a way that's not that productive but you're putting it out there to try to protect yourself and it's worth a shot. I think that's totally reasonable to do.
41792	So I'm going to a conference next week and making a poster. I finished the poster last night.
41810	we are creatures of habit, and so I this is a new habit. ...if we let ourselves be. So, yes, when we let ourselves be. So this is a new these are new, habitual things that I... New behaviors... ...New behaviors that I need to or not need no, no...
41814	in different ways. So if she comes over, because we will plan to do dinner sometimes, so she will come over, especially if Ivan's still at work. Mm. And we'll cook something and she'll sometimes bring over, she'll just show up with ingredients for a new recipe. And she'll say, "Oh, I just stopped by the store. Let's make this new pasta salad." Mm.
41817	I also found out more stuff about my job. It turns out that the grant goes until December. I guess it's flexible enough so that it's not like if I do end up finishing everything really early they can find other things for me to do and I can stay until December. Talking to people on the Internet they think that I should start my job search now and I guess somehow mention in the cover letter that I'm working on this grant right now.
41834	Like by talking about it, I made it go away, so... Yeah, there is a sense of ruined, I think. Of course, there is also a... you know, by asking that question, you were also demonstrating that that wasn’t really true, so... Kind of a... an interesting... You know, I feel like a question is about how I interpret... the world in a sort of... fairly fundamental way. In a conversation that we’re having,
41836	what do you think would be helpful for you to work on this week? I think what actually would be helpful, instead of focusing on the "should," the "musts," and writing that down, I think taking it how you did, with the next step, like going that next level. Because I think that is important for me to really get the concept that it is not just, "I should be."
41850	Yes, so let me let me make the analogy a little bit worse by stretching it more than it probably needs. So now turning to your personal trainer the coach, and you’re running a relay race and one of your relay race partners has a broken leg, but the coach is still trying to train you to win the race, that’s I think more how it feels. Well if you just run twice as fast like, you know, you guys will almost be as good as you were.
41874	into this do this race or, you know. But that’s not the personal that’s not that’s a separate issue. You go to a personal trainer, the personal trainer helps you get to that train for the race. Whether you actually want to take the steps to do the race is a very important question, but it’s not one that you talk about with the personal trainer.
41878	Those are all risks. But if you do it correctly that way you could avoid all these risks and not actually permanently dam the scars which you can't really avoid. The other problem with you cutting or hurting yourself in any other way is that it doesn't stop the problem.
41916	That may be a way to acknowledge your birthday. And if you frame it, you know, as like, you know, would you like to come have…go out to dinner together so that it doesn’t imply that you’re hosting the whole thing. But people can go out to dinner and each pay and that’s a way for you to acknowledge your birthday. Yeah. I feel like I’ve lost touch with all my friends because I have. Who would you like to reach out to? I’m not sure. It seems like it’s important to connect again with them.
42058	Do you tell yourself: I must find the answer, I must find the solution? I'm very very frustrated at this point because the pain is just debilitating. I've been feeling it since April and I was sick last year for a period of three months and when I just started to get better from being really, really ill and I wasn't able to walk
42092	bye-I'll-see-you-tomorrow sort of conversation on my part .But on her part it was a, so glad to see you, I've been thinking about you every day. I know we haven't talked, but I've been thinking about you. To which I sort of... I said, well, you're life hasn't been exactly great either. She's been fired from her job for failure to be organized at all. To which she responded, yeah, but... something to the extent of, that's not an excuse. So no, I don't think I'm not on their radar? I think that...
42102	And so it’s – in the back of my mind I’m always like I’m the person who’s putting her baby through this horrible ordeal. Yeah. And – You know, and my mom, I know will sort of use this to further like blur the lines between me and her. And say, “Oh, I did this
42109	I think the Wellbutrin was before then, too. Then again, I usually like taking the generic one; and I don't really have my old pill bottles so that I could go and . . . See what batch you were at. Yeah. I don't even know if the pharmacy would have records going back that far because that would be a lot of information to hold onto for a really long time. I really don't know about that.
42128	Oh well isn't that interesting notice your self-evaluation. Telling your father what you think and feel makes you a bitch? That's my go to...my go to, I have to, I end up allowing myself to feel guilty when he's being caring and telling me what he thinks I should do and I don't go with it.
42151	as we're coming to a close, I might want to just write down a few of those, 'cause I that stuff I forget. Once the session ends, I forget that last piece of it. The last piece is, I think, the clincher, because you can have other thoughts but then, at the end
42161	the A's all that. Oh. And then, when it came to the... ...Disputing... ...Disputing part, it was a little harder, but it definitely got easier as I did more, because I did a bunch. So, yeah, it just
42252	Not really, you know. Micah was kind of explaining to me how it's difficult sometimes, like it's kind of — you know, that's why even her talking to me, I think for her it was more of just "hey, let's try" more than really — she just saw the low motivation. Right. She fixes things with drugs, that's what she does. I mean, you've got a history of not picking things up. What else did I not pick up?
42253	Yes. So sort of try to assess, based on your current investment, be very crude, you know, later outcome on current investment maybe is not a very good way to go. Yes. I think that’s clarifying. I was sort of sitting here thinking about so, if I were to stay
42261	There is almost nowhere else in the country where my skills would be less valuable than they are here in terms of there just being a critical mass of people with a Humanities degree here. I see. There are a lot of people who are Brown educated in some obscure discipline here, just a lot of them. And it’s really fun, but it also means that finding a job is that much harder; and that’s not going to be the case in other places.
42301	I’m giving him a hard time trying to like both take care of me and take care of our family in this way. But if I think too hard about that, then I say, “Well, I’m just a terrible person for being upset in the first place.” Yeah, I can’t hold it. Yeah. Yeah you have sort of a split. Which is a strange feeling, because it’s very different from not being able to conceptualize it.
42317	It’s a very noticeable moment of having disconnected from your friends. So maybe that’s not, you know, something that you involve the people in. But you’ve also noticed that you’ve really disconnected from your friends and you have missed being part of a group and the music piece fits that.
42341	Right! I'm really worried about the threats and the note and I'm very worried about it obviously but I'm also again, it sounds horribly selfish but I've taken a moment and am realizing this is really tough to deal with. I'm not doing it completely alone obviously but it feels like that sometimes when I'm not here. Yeah.
42364	I don't know. Just that one day — I think it's been — part of it was the ability to get into the office and do some work, you know. At least yesterday, although I didn't finish that title, I felt productive even though I wasn't. So I think that's helped. That's why I'm wondering if the Adderall works, how much that will change things, just getting work done. Take a couple extra ones and I'll clean the apartment. Sir Speedy.
42383	Yeah. And then having to kind of pick your way around big piles of stuff, and then they decided to get four kittens recently. Which - That’s a lot of kittens. Yeah, they only have two now, they’re getting two more. And all I could think is, that’s the worst idea ever. Also their apartment has wall to wall cream rugs. Yeah. I’m like, this is not going to go well. In the room where the kittens are right now, it’s already like, just gross.
42391	The point person. So it’s like, “All right, here we go.” But you do have help. Right. Both for yourself and for him directly. Yeah. Good. Yeah. I mean, it was just like, I don’t know, like a I guess another thing you could do and probably need insurance for this, but be day treatment for a few weeks.
42393	It is you taking on the role of captain, watching the ship, watching the turbulent environment, making a choice about how you perceive, what is going on, and the attitude, working on having greater compassion for yourself as you identify the old, habitual selfdamnation... Right.
42426	So it's doing what you can to manage the anxieties that you have control over, and it sounds like with the dinner situation it's really about seeing if you can separate a little bit the control that the depression has on Sydney versus the control that his depression has on you and allowing yourself some independence from his depression. It also doesn't say that I couldn't go out by myself, other than now I'm spending all the money.
42451	The break is not going to come from a parent right now saying "Let me come and visit," even I wish, maybe in my heart of hearts do I wish I could come and just descend in your life. Of course I can't do that so how else to we build in kind of quiet, internal parent that gives the both of you a little bit of breathing room in all of this
42475	It makes me a little annoyed that I have to do this in the first place and I can't just express my anger and then deal with it. But like... I can understand that. You're taking on a lot of the responsibility. And it's just like I feel sometimes like I'm the one doing everything. Mm hmm. I think that's part of why you feel so upset is because you do feel like that. Yeah. You feel like you're doing your fair share of getting this to work.
42497	You sit you might like sit and sort of talk about news events or talk about what’s going on or what you’re thinking about and progress through that to talk some about like what’s going on in your life. And sort of here’s a whole conversation that has many different parts that are not really related but in some ways like form the whole thing. Is that a am I describing an experience you understand?
42501	There was this pretty Facebook conversation last night about deaf children and cochlear implants, a bad choice and all of that. I don’t know if it was talking like people clearly didn’t know very many deaf people or weren’t in touch with that community because it was very why ever would you not give your child a chance to hear? That is an incredibly cruel and terrible choice.
42567	but I know how to manage information and I know how to do these logistical things so I go to those things because they're solvable or closer to solvable. What do I do that my wife want to kill herself? You handle the practical problems and they are the practical problems of who needs to know what and what do I need to do to make it from one day to the next.
42608	to the job portion of I feel like I have to find the right job, you know, on one level, so that my wife doesn’t kill herself. And on another level, that I am happy somewhere for the next several years. On another level, so that I pick the right one so that I have the career that I want even though I don’t exactly know what career I really want. It matters what I do next.
42632	And started doing cocaine. So... Yeah, it's weird, because I can't be like oh, I stopped drinking and started studying and exercising, because I also started doing a very hard drug. And I was having health problems, but I somehow I don't know what happened. I think I also started taking classes I was interested in. I think that has a lot to do
42641	That's important too and we'll kind of cross that bridge when we come to it but I think there's a little bit more that can get communicated both from you and from me before your at that place and that in the meantime you need a break right now.I would watch movies, I would cook dinner, I would try to keep it lighthearted for a little bit and know that you're going to keep coming back here and talking about it. He's going to be a very big turning point in his own therapy now
42713	that ownership that I can make decisions as well and even just now on the way coming back from work my father's already like "How are you feeling? Are you going to see the neurologist?" he's got similar back pain and issues, and if I ever say to him like "Dad maybe you should try, not should,
42732	Mm hm. So even there may be ways this plays out with Ivan sometimes. Can you be taken care of by him? Is there anything he could do that would actually take care of you? So - And can you Oh, go ahead.
42753	and I told her most of the things that there was to tell her and she responded, unlike anyone else has, like you know and I talked to her. Unlike Josh, who we talk about most things, how I feel and how he feels, probably more about how I feel, there's always guilt and like extra stuff that comes along with the conversations but, I don't know, she just completely understood whatever I was saying and still seemed to think that we were amazing and wonderful people and had a great life,
42769	A little anxiety. Yeah. I don't seem to have that many kind of much annoying side effects. That's great. Yeah. So everything's been okay? Yeah, I personally think that's been okay. If I'm losing things; I'm losing them completely enough that I don't know that it's gone, which is good enough. I've had one person a number of years ago who had had a
42817	Well, I mean You just can't be there for his heart things that he's trying, all the supplements he takes and all the stuff he does he doesn't try to make himself calm. He's lucky to have you. Yep. And lately he tells me that which is always nice to hear. Yeah. And you're lucky to have him. He got you up and out of the house and running this morning which was a great lift to your mood. Well, right. to take care of each other.
42842	I think kind of guilty, but then, when I started having my stomach problems when I was 19, what would happen is I would wake up the mornings after eating late at night and be sick to my stomach. So it turned into a physical thing. But yeah, I would feel guilty, but if I kept eating, then I didn't feel guilty. So then I started eating more and more and more, because the longer I was eating for, the longer
42846	Your goal is to get a job and you can spend a lot of energy trying to make an assessment or assumption about what the employer wants or has to offer... Yeah. But you don't really know unless you ask. And is it okay to send that sort of e-mail to something? If... Sure. "I'm interested in this position. I noticed that there was no compensation mentioned. Is compensation available for this position?" Uh huh.
42888	Me too. So I would a couple of days ago, but all of my friends are depressed; like all of them. And I was talking to Lucy about this; about how, you know, I had plans with Yvonne later this week, and I was really dreading it, because Yvonne’s miserable about the divorce, and she feels like her life is over, and she’s behind on work; she does freelance writing and she also has a day job; like 25 hours a week.
42900	and then I had him go downstairs and get me a challah roll because also I had been feeling like a little bit of stomach acid trying to reduce all that and so he went downstairs and got me a challah roll that we split it and so I ate my half and then I was able to go to sleep. But there's no way to prevent myself from waking up in the middle of the night really. You don't have a lot of control when you're sleeping and it's very disruptive to be woken with that anxiety.
42907	I don't know. I'm just sad and scared. Does anything come to mind about what you're scared about? I don't know. Something about my father. I think just with this whole thing about potential abuse in July I just couldn't help but have it in the back of my mind to think, you know, was it my father. I mean what if it was my father? Now I'm just back to a blank. Did you go there all at once or was it a gradual process? What? Going back? Was it like a switch?
42949	those are the things that are talking right now as you think about what could go wrong or why it might not work in your life; that’s the anxiety and depression talking. You can listen to those things, but then you make a choice that’s good for you.
42957	is that, in that memory are you, is it sort of an anger refusal or is just like I'm not interested? No, it's kind of an aversion. An aversion. Like, almost a disgust? A what? A disgust response.
42958	It's probably the commute more than anything else. I'm not sure what would be a good solution for making sure I have time for dinner. So when you think back, you said there haven't been nights that you actually haven't had dinner. There haven't been nights that I haven't had dinner. So you don't worry about not having dinner. Well there have been nights I've had to delay it and stuff. So what's the worst-case scenario for you? What are you really worried about when you're having to delay it?
42993	Tomorrow? Tomorrow, yes. I explained that to him and he's like "Okay," and I said "You know how you get when you get frustrated? I'm not really ready to talk right now," because when he's in pain he'll say "I'm cranky..." so I basically shared that with him, that I just wasn't really feeling up to it and that I was having a cranky feeling type moment.
43011	No I don't find it easy at all. That's like my hardest thing. And you just described to me that you were assertive with them moments ago without even indicating that it was a great achievement, in other words it sounds like you were just able to let yourself state your truth in an assertive way. Oh, see I thought I was a bitch.
43017	Yeah, so you you suggested that you would want for me to feel good about situations that are not idea. Um hmm. Is the non-ideal intentionally unbounded there? Yes. Seeing equating non-ideal descriptions with situations that are bad is exactly the problem I'm trying to address. I want to decouple that association. Because look
43040	Yes. Yes. That kind of, I kind of just accepted it. I haven't really dealt with it, I think. I think Harold expressed more. He was more in touch with being angry about that than I was. I don't know. I think at the time I was more concerned about what my mother was going to do. So, when it was all happening and then afterwards it just was. Now I think you're right. Now when I want to retire, I can't. So, it is an issue. On that practical level, which has deep emotional implications and feeling
43052	And if you just add staying in the present it's not working right now that actually takes a little bit of the intensity off because it makes it a little bit less overwhelming to think that you're going to be stuck in this particular situation forever is unbearable. To think that you're going to be stuck I a horrible situation for a limited time is still totally uncool but it's less than bearable.
43055	...because I'm annoyed at him because he keeps on doing the same things over and over again while promising not, while promising not to do them. It's just like how do I trust you if you don't ever follow through on your promises? Which I guess it's an over generalization. It's not like he never follows through. But... So you keep telling him that you're angry... Yeah. ...and he keeps saying, "I'm sorry." Yeah. So which one of you is going to stop doing the same thing over and over?
43075	What did they do? They made me throw up. That's it? No shrink? Nope. eleven year old to a shrink when they eat a bunch of cigarettes. Crazy. I mean crazy of your parents you were a super-depressed eleven year old. It's pretty unusual for that age to do something like that. I mean fifteen, okay. Eleven, not so much. I've seen certainly girls who want to jump out a window or something; but kids just don't usually try stuff.
43095	is really frustrating. How long does it take you to get back to sleep? I don't think it took me too long. You know I got up to like go to the bathroom and was talking to Sydney a little bit because he had also woken up but I don't think he woke me up
43105	it sounded accusatory to me and he called me back after a while cause he couldn't wait to hear if I had gotten hold of Dr. Bourd and he's telling me that Ivan has had some struggles with this before, he's like "Ivan doesn't know it but he wrote a poem in seventh grade and his teacher called me because it was dark..." and I wanted to say "Why didn't you do anything, why didn't you...?" But all I said was "I feel like clearly in grad school, even a little before, Ivan needed some help with this and he didn't get it."
43109	The therapist or something. But that’s not really Yeah, and you probably feel like, you go over there at pretty much any hour, and the kid is likely still up.
43121	There are some big things I'd like to know when really...see his struggle with attention or memory or he's like "No, that's all he's been there." They never...and I mentioned, I said someone,
43141	I'm not sure what further description of the problem will do if we both already grasp what the problem is. Or, maybe the point is, I don't fully grasp what the problem is, but I think that's the part I'm not sure that you specifically don't fully grasp, maybe we don't know all of what's at stake. I mean, you're not one to do something because you're feeling that it's going to set your already fragile way around suicide alley, over the edge. That construction, yeah. Okay. Well, that's logical. That makes sense.
43167	What would happen if you called him? He would tell me "I'm really sorry to hear that, let me know if there's anything I can do." He would care but talking about feelings is not something he does and he would really take the, you know, "I'm really cross that Ivan didn't get a job" or "He needs to be working." He wouldn't take the very practical like...he's someone who doesn't take care of his own health so I mean he's worried about me. If anything he's pretty disappointed I think with the way Ivan has been.
43174	vindictive, or deliberately intended as a punishment, but you know, she just really couldn’t cope with like doing another load of laundry. But still, like – Yeah, if Madison were my kid, I wouldn’t want Yvonne to have – even have full custody. And of course I can’t say that to her, because I’m supposed to be on her side with the divorce, and just Right. I’m sorry; this has turned into like third party diagnosing of Yvonne’s problems instead of talking about me. I
43213	It just feels confining in the house all the time, but I don’t want to be around bunches of people. Have you felt depressed? I have always been mildly more sad than usual, I guess. Lately I feel like I am suffocating and like I need space. I want to be alone. Have you had feelings of suicide or homicide? No. Suicide was a thought as I was growing up, but I can’t leave my girls.
43223	Yeah. So the goal of setting up the chart is that it gets you to do things that give you a chance at getting what you want. Uh huh. So if the chart gets you to apply to more things, to not let things that are possibilities slip by then it's doing it's job. Okay. It's not a freebie trip. No.
43230	that there was no particular…talking about my fears of being off-putting. So…and I’m also sensitive to changes in the world around me of any kind, particularly other people. Who knows why? I just know…so. That’s something that plays in to my mind. Phrasing internships there. I feel like I’m asking a lot, but you need not be willing to give, and I really appreciate that you… see
43237	I can't just be there like the one to argue against you." Does he argue against you? He will. He'll be like, "No, everything is going to be okay. You don't need to kill yourself." Does that help? Not really. I told him he doesn't have to argue against me. He wants some sign that I'm fighting it and later, after the conversation,
43252	Nothing specific. I was all over the place. To where? I don't know. I was thinking on the one hand, what sucks now is I'm full of anxiety, but what is the next thing that's going to happen? Like what's the next bad thing that's going to happen? Today I was like, "I could try to write about this," but then, of course, I was thinking, "Yeah, well that's what I say about a lot of things and then I don't actually do anything."
43297	So when you do the shopping, could you stock a few necessities just of your own at your place that wouldn't be shared. In theory. The problem is that certain things like if I have pasta I really want to have cheese on it. If I have cheese that I can actually bring it to my house I have to go down to Hamden, so it's not like I can just . . . So you wouldn't be able to have everything there.
43304	But it's not going to work for you. You need to speak each other's language. You know what works for him and you can give him what works. It sounds like what you need to do is give him something that works for you that he can feed back to you. If that's hugs or just sitting together, then that's what it is. I'm glad we figured out something to try that might help. Yeah, I think it should work. Hopefully I won't be at a point that I need to use that, but I probably will, considering that even today I'm just . . .
43309	I am having trouble with fear of germs and fear of intruders coming to attack my family. I feel that if I don’t do certain things each day that bad things will happen. Would you like to tell me about your troubles with cleaning, checking and counting and what you feel will happen if you don’t do these? If you have questions or don’t understand something at any point during this interview, please feel free to ask me for clarification. Are you comfortable telling me about your troubles specifically?
43330	Other than being annoyed at my dad being... Like when he sends me stupid things that make no sense like internship, internship that doesn't mention anything about being paid at like this Jewish girls school which has absolutely has nothing to do with my field. Also it's all the way out in nowhere and then like then I'd have to drive. And it's... I don't know. Like if an internship doesn't say it's paid and doesn't say it's unpaid, is the assumption ? or is there not an assumption you can make?
43353	but that usually goes hand-in-hand with the other ones. So like here’s a range of possible mechanisms for a chemical reaction. We can rule out all but two of them. We can’t decide between them but leave at least ruled out all of the other ones. You did that some time ago, right? You presented the manifold of worlds in which I would be okay and hence, essentially two features on it. So,
43394	I mean, I think most of it's just stems from his depression. That's like why I've been staying is because he can get better from that depression. Eventually, he will and then he won't be like this anymore. I mean, some things might still be the same but like he won't... You know, the low libido won't be an issue anymore and, I mean, I guess he'll still be an insomniac but if I can separate my plans from his... I think me having a job would also help things a lot because then I would be getting out of the house and stuff.
43476	So I'm in there waiting and I see him looking in the window at me. I was like, am I going to get hit while I'm waiting here for Chinese food? Well, I'm glad you're okay. Yeah. It would've been a big relief, you know. A lot of pressure off my shoulders.
43483	It takes for a while. You gotta go, You've got to wash the pot out, empty the thing, put the filter in, and put the coffee in. I don't know why. These little things in life just get in my way. The hiccups. I wonder if Lucille is going to go with her grandmother when she picks her up today. You mean she might get cranky?
43514	into abusive with her I’m really – I’m not – this probably sounds weird, but my intent is not to be critical of her as a mom so much as to say, I imagine it’s terribly disturbing to watch. Yeah. And more so because, you both know it. Yeah. Like she’s not containing the kid at all. No. And like it’s super frustrating when we hang out,
43530	It’s not a difference both groups seem to want. I don’t know. If we did move, this would be the first time that I moved to a new city where I didn’t know anybody or didn’t know more than a couple of people and wasn’t already in some sort of graduate program or a workplace or something to anchor me. It doesn’t make me anxious, but I feel like maybe it ought to. I think that that could go really badly,
43536	Or I wish I - Like at a job interview, you mean? Yeah. That could be. Hm. Or as simple as, "I wish I hadn't kept my sister waiting." Or, "I wish I was more decisive about that." And it's "I hate myself." And then it can stay low for a little while. Ah.
43539	 My friend Gina's meeting me there because her daughter, she's not working right now. Her daughter lives in San Francisco.And the plan was originally that she would come drive to San Francisco with me so he could meet Melanie, but does not off during weekends. So my daughter is coming out to Austin while we're there and then I'll have some free time with them. And then I'm working and then on Thursday, we're getting a car.
43609	Yeah. You know, things like taking care of him and making food and doing all these things that like, you know, when I was sick and he was panicking, I would still do things for him. You know? I would still make him food even when I was sick or like do crazy things like emptying the dishwasher at his place, standing on a chair while dizzy which I really should not have been doing and things like that. But when he's sick and I'm panicking because he's sick,
43614	And then I was like, “Oh shit. I have to leave right now”. So that was just a little bit　much. But it was weird. I didn’t exactly I wouldn’t say I had a good time, I wouldn’t say I had a　bad time. It was mostly just a lot, is how I felt about it.
43634	Yeah, I'm not sure where to begin so I it's a strange thing come and not know what I'm asking to consult with you on. But that's where I am. Well, I don't think of it as session to session but I think of it as what you've framed what you're asking for consultation on. This is part of the process. Okay, well thanks. That's helpful.
43638	Ah. So does he not agree that what he's doing is detrimental to the relationship? I guess he doesn't. He thinks that I'm being the detrimental one by getting mad. Oh. I mean, somewhat he... I don't know. I guess with the staying up late thing. He thinks he's an adult. He's entitled to do that. I'm like, "Okay. But if you make promises for the next day and stuff it's really frustrating." And... Like he does admit sometimes that some of the stuff he does it self destructive especially because he is an insomniac and trying to fix that.
43669	And was the hope that had I had a miscarriage or had an abortion or something like this – I guess those were the two conditions under which I would be pregnant and not have a child right, I guess those were the only two – that I would say more about that or just that it would be acknowledged or what would happen? That’s a good question.
43674	but it would be a big pain. And there's no gluten-free market in between here and work? Nope. There is not a gluten-free market between here and Cheshire. They sell a lot of things that are gluten-free in grocery stores; or rather there is this one symbol that appears on a lot of cheeses that my house doesn't accept.
43699	Well, it sounds like you have extreme reactions sorry, There's no need to apologize for your feelings. You have strong feelings so you get really pumped when there's something to get up for and you get a good reaction and it sounds like you had a good talk and you get really sad when there's something sad. That's just part of who you are and it's okay. It makes me feel crazy. It doesn't seem crazy from where I sit. I wonder why it feels not okay for you to have those highs and lows.
43778	Hi. Hi. I kind of need a haircut
44521	Hi. How are you? How's going your week?
53555	According to Episode No. 44D592246C Anny Bridges, a patient born on May 22, 1988, with the medical record number 441592.HKP and lab number 44D59224
53563	her consultation took place in the 3/9 Jennie Cox Close department, where She was attended by Dr. McKane and Dr. Goodwin. Further assessments were conducted, noting a pack-year history  40. as her treatment continued, Dr. Alford and Dr. Allen were also involved in her case with follow up documentation recorded on April 21, 2064.
53593	and a team based approach to patient care with various specialists working together to provide The best possible treatment.
53594	The medical record 405974.QBV associated with patient Robyn Patrice Girolamo, born on May 29, 2000,
53597	She resides at Holy Harbour, Mildura, Queensland, ZIP Code 6038, and was born on April 16, 2011. on July 4, 2012, at 1:47 PM, Stacy was admitted to Orana Department at Port Pirie Hospital, where She was examined by Dr. Adam.
53609	The medical record 7189308.GRC associated with patient Leandra Langehennig, born on October 2, 1984, with ID number 71V930826C
53610	Additionally, two critical dates stand out August 14, 2062, and August 14, 2062, These dates indicate key moments in Mason’s medical journey requiring follow ups and further evaluations. on This occasion, Dr. Allen
53615	Additional tests were conducted at The Tasman Multi-Purpose Centre and the Children's Hospital at Westmead. A supplementary FISH analysis performed on December 1, 2062, revealed amplification of CDK4 and d d i t 3
53634	Meet Oliva Oladipo, a patient currently receiving care at Gympie Hospital under the supervision of SA Pathology. Born on January 24, 2002, Oliva resides on Forest Knoll in Taree, within the Australian Capital Territory, postal code 3792.
53636	at 09:55 AM, an important timestamp in Her medical journey. Her case continued with further examinations on August 7, 2062, with Dr. Beal playing A role in Her medical follow up
53638	Let’s discuss the medical history of Eric Barnes, whose case is recorded under Episode Number 98Y628548Q and medical Record Number 9896285.KVQ
53639	For any further inquiries or medical assistance regarding Maria’s case, the contact Number 83829154 is available.
53645	An earlier medical Record also notes a consultation on June 20, 2012, at 1:25 PM. Further follow ups took place on August 23, 2062, with Dr. Zubac, and again on August 27, 2062, under the care of Dr. Grant. the next day, on August 28,
53655	07jkj correspond to Lab Number 65T90734 a key identifier in Her ongoing treatment.
53685	U Sorbera noted further immunohistochemical staining. The tumor cells were positive for synaptophysin, chromogranin a and keratin 19, The latter being associated with a poorer prognosis.
53692	Clinically, The patient presented with a left renal lesion consistent with renal cell carcinoma, identified as a small intrarenal mass previously biopsied. a frozen section diagnosed The lesion as clear cell carcinoma, and results were communicated by Dr. H Mounger
53703	This Report is significant and has been referenced multiple times, including the additional Report of pathology 19-5034545 which
53706	and lab number 71A25269 details a comprehensive account of his medical condition. The patient resides on Casa Mia Street in Kingaroy,
53708	speech This is a summary for the medical case of Cimeno Renaldo, with ID number 42U140591C and medical record 4281405.YEC the laboratory number for This case is 42U14059
53742	Dr. M Wolff. The report includes dates of October 1, 2062, and October 29, 2062, indicating a supplementary report The distribution includes Dr. McInturff, Dr. Ngarrindjeri. The most recent date associated with The report is July 30, 2065.
53746	Microscopic examination, reported by Dr. Q Breyers, confirmed a poorly differentiated carcinoma consistent with a Müllerian type, tumor. The tumor. was composed of sheets and trabeculae of cells with large, pleomorphic nuclei and eosinophilic cytoplasm, with scattered highly atypical multinucleated cells
53749	and His lab number is 73H42958 Gordan’s treatment and care are provided at Dumbleyung Memorial Hospital, specifically within the Dickinson 3 South department. Gordan’s most recent medical visit took place on April 3, 2014, at 11:26 AM, followed by another entry at 11:23 PM on the same day.
53762	Jalen lives on Emack Street, Curlewis, WA, ZIP code 7321. He was born on November 5, 1999, and has undergone multiple medical evaluations over the years. on June 22,
53787	His medical record number is 9478076.SWP with lab number 94T80766 Born on April 9, 1983, Chris health records indicate a recent visit on June 11, 2064, where he was seen by doctors from Envoi Pathology at Tara Hospital.
53799	papillary urothelial carcinoma (WHO 2004) with superficial invasion into The lamina propria. No evidence of detrusor muscle invasion is present.
53810	The slide was examined by Dr. O Nusz on August 10, 2062, who diagnosed adenocarcinoma with 40% malignant cells, requiring macro dissection The EGFR mutation test, performed on October 10, 2062, was negative, meaning no mutation was detected. The interpretation stated that The tumor sample, from Kieran Lamar Clyde Moriarty,
53822	The patient was born on April 8, 1984. The specimens were collected on August 27, 2012, at 11:34 AM, from Southern IML, located at Lismore Base Hospital, Riverlands Drug and Alcohol Service.
53840	with ID number 40O974608B and lab number 40O97460 provides a detailed account of her condition.
53845	The final diagnosis confirmed moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma involving The rectosigmoid colon peritoneum ovaries, and omentum, consistent with intraperitoneal metastatic spread from The patient’s previous colorectal carcinoma
53860	117 and CD34 and negative desmin and smooth muscle actin staining These findings were documented in a supplementary report dated June 12, 2064
53862	Based on the lab report No. 87D09067 these records, ensure that Nida receives comprehensive and continuous care with Her health history meticulously preserved for ongoing treatment and evaluation.
53892	79161 Tom resides at Oxendon, Silverdale, Victoria, ZIP Code 7248. He was born on July 7, 1985. on July 9, 2012, at 9:14 AM, Tom was admitted to the Coronary Care Unit at Narrandera Hospital,
53897	Episode No. 94Y020433U Oliver Antonio, born on June 25, 2017, is a patient whose medical journey is documented under the medical record number 9490204.JJU
53920	by Dr. Gerald Gucwa At 16:35 on April 9, 2014. The final diagnosis is a moderately differentiated serous and endometrioid adenocarcinoma originating in The “Right ovary” with involvement of The left ovary” left parametrial soft tissue, uterine serosa, and omentum. Additionally, a small focus of CIN 3 is identified in The cervix.
53927	at The Immunology Department of Echuca Regional Health. The patient, born on October 24, 2008, resides at Stockdale, Ipswich, South Australia, ZIP code 3111. This report, involving examinations by Drs. Roger Caden Maier, E. Brusser, and E. Kochis,
53934	under the care of Dr. Gregorio Lynwood Slemmer. the case was also reviewed by Dr. MM, Dr. CU, and Dr. I Harkenreader, with additional examinations noted on June 6, 2064. the final diagnosis was adenocarcinoma of the prostate.
53948	at The HAPS Department of Mungindi Hospital under The care of Dr. Nate Khokher, with microscopic analysis conducted by Dr. U. Gmernicki. The diagnosis confirms moderately differentiated serous carcinoma of probable peritoneal origin.
53963	George resides on Roseglen Street in Bacchus Marsh, Victoria, with postal code 2258. His recent Hospital. visit took place on September 10, 2063, under the supervision of the Macquarie Ward department. His lab tests are associated with lab No. 96C25931
53988	followed by another visit on August 27, 2062, overseen by Dr. Kross. the next recorded consultation was on August 28, 2062, with Dr. Davis, ensuring continuous monitoring of His health status.
53994	Episode No. 65O685578K chronicles the medical journey of Taylor Mitchell, a patient under the care of the Acute care Ward at Penola War Memorial Hospital. Taylor born on January 30, 2007, resides on Rocher Street in Terranora, Northern Territory, postal code 2660. His medical
54003	The case was handled by multiple doctors, including Dr. Cleveland Clifton Kliethermes, Dr. Richie Ramariz, Dr. CX, Dr. FW, Dr. U Clayter, and Dr. U Wehmeyer. a significant date related to This report is June 9, 2064. a supplementary report dated June 17, 2064. by Associate Professor
54005	The medical record for Floyd Gavin Shelby Bruski, identified by ID number 95W7854197 and medical record number 958785.KFZ documents findings from a hepatectomy procedure and gallbladder evaluation conducted at POW L7 Consulting Rooms and Dorrigo Multi-Purpose Service.
54020	The report is prepared by Dr. Chase Wyatt Capria and Dr. TC. Additionally, there is a reference to The date October 3, 2062, for supplementary reporting. The microscopic examination, reported by Dr. T Chadek, confirms two separate liver tumors with similar morphology.
54025	This medical report is for Wesley Rauner, identified by medical record 6344566.YXQ Lab No: 63K45669 and ID number 63K456699Q residing in West Bolivar, Windsor, Queensland, ZIP code
54043	08Q37965 Tereasa resides on Nicanoa Street in Lara, New South Wales, with a postal code of 6564. Her journey through the healthcare system has been well documented with treatment taking place at Peel Health Campus
54046	clarifies that The institution uses a three tier system for reporting. serous carcinoma with moderate and high grades corresponding to high grade in a two tier system
54056	The final diagnosis confirmed extensive low grade mucinous neoplasm with pseudomyxoma peritonei features, with widespread serosal involvement of all removed organs and parenchymal involvement of both ovaries. The findings were consistent with a clinical history suggesting The appendix as The origin of The mucinous neoplasm
54068	Jolin resides on Reddall Street, Encounter Bay, Australian Capital Territory, ZIP code 3783. Born on December 3, 2019, she has undergone multiple medical evaluations and treatments.
54098	beginning with a visit on April 15, 2064, during which she was seen by Dr. Wagner. Subsequently, Sabrina had an appointment on April 19, 2064, where both Dr. Martin and Dr. Stephenson were involved in her treatment.
54117	on August 21, 2063, a tissue specimen was collected at the Molecular Diagnostic Oncology Department of Blayney Multipurpose Service under the care of Dr. Edward Evadne Stouten. the case was also reviewed by Dr. JW, and Dr. X. Neary, with further examinations noted on August 22, 2063,
54120	and the right common iliac lymph node, which was tumor, free Examination of the sigmoid appendix indicated old fat necrosis with no tumor, while the omentum displayed metastatic serous carcinoma, deposits. the date September 18, 2062,
54132	Today, we are reviewing the medical history of Nikola Mood, whose records are listed under Episode Number 83Z179706W and medical Record Number 8391797.AQW
54155	The clinical findings indicate a recurrence of pseudomyxoma peritonei with bowel obstruction originating from The appendix, a condition. previously diagnosed as a low- grade mucinous neoplasm under lab number 07L19041 The report includes a detailed examination of three specimens.
54185	At 12:01 PM, Eric was seen at the Forensic Medicine Department of Beaconsfield District Health Service. His attending physician at that time was Dr. West. His records indicate a 15-year smoking history
54188	the final diagnosis included fibrovascular tissue in the liver surface, sample metastatic adenocarcinoma in the spleen and omentum, and a confirmed 4mm gastrointestinal stromal tumor, in the gastric nodule the case was supplemented with additional findings reported by Dr. L Mudd on June 12, 2064
54194	documents Her ongoing care at Nathalia District Hospital, where she has been receiving treatment within the medic surgery world. Her case, associated with Lab number 17N34264 17N34264 includes multiple important dates.
54202	He has been under the care of Penola War Memorial Hospital, specifically within the St.Vincent's Pathology Department. Roy’s most recent visit was on April 6, 2014, at 07:01 PM at Penola War Memorial Hospital,
54210	We are reviewing the case of Ashley Iverson, identified with Episode Number 19N034545E and Medical Record Number 1950345.KPE Ashley’s Lab Number is 19N03454
54218	Episode No. 17S6644100 details the medical history of Alan Wesley, a patient receiving care within the Radiation Oncology department at Milton Ulladulla Hospital. Born on December 4, 2011, Alan resides on Wahnita Street in Mulwala, postal code 3691.
54219	This case. highlights the continued efforts of skilled healthcare providers in delivering comprehensive medical care, and support for their patients.
54251	Today, we are reviewing the medical records of Maria Cruz, identified under Episode Number 40X485615D and medical Record Number 408485.PDO Her Lab Number is 40X48561
54254	The patient, born on December 26, 1984, resides in Nimco, Gosford, South Australia, ZIP code 2828. The case involved multiple physicians, including Dr. Antone Horacio Miele, Dr. Robt, Dr. BJ, and Dr. S Bille.
54259	includes supplementary findings dated October 1, 2062, October 10, 2062, and October 23, 2062, The supplementary reports issued on October 1, 2062, and October 23, 2062, confirmed PR negativity and HER2 non amplification respectively.
54281	His attending physician at the time was Dr. Haliburton, with additional oversight from Dr. Payton and Dr. Turner. Years later, on August 27, 2062, Batty continued receiving treatment, this time under the care of Dr. Valentine and Dr. Knight. His medical journey highlights the importance of continued healthcare, with a dedicated team of professionals ensuring His well being over the decades.
54309	this carcinoma extensively involves The omentum, The surface of both ovaries, The fimbrial ends of both fallopian tubes, The uterine serosa, and The paradnexal soft tissue. this comprehensive analysis conducted on October 24, 2062, provides detailed insight into The extent and progression of The patient’s condition.
54350	This medical report pertains to Grayce Fallert, identified by medical record 840157.NNT Lab number 84B15755 and ID number 84B157557B Born on December 12, 1990, and residing in Marjorie Jackson, Blayney, QLD, ZIP code 2126,
54376	Patient Palmira Vredeveld, identified by ID number 97P227531O and medical record number 9752275.ICO resides at E Joffre, Redcliffe, Northern Territory, 5118.
54389	the hospital responsible for His care is Laverton hospital where He was treated by several doctors, including Dr. Howard and Dr. Forst. His medical record is part of the Hunter Area department of the hospital
54414	Born on July 5, 2004, Katrina’s case is being documented under the medical record number 4997206.IXD with the episode ID 49Z720639D Katrina’s treatment is being managed within the Hereditary Department, where Dr. Roland is overseeing her care with Dr. Claire also involved in her medical management.
54419	Dr. Craig is overseeing his case with additional medical input from Dr. Jordan. Another important update was also recorded on the same date September 26, 2063, ensuring a comprehensive approach to Kenny’s Health care with continuous monitoring and expert medical attention,
54420	Nida resides Nida resides at Kimball Hill, Launceston, QLD, 1314. She was born on July 28, 1997, and Her medical history has been carefully documented across multiple dates. One of the key events in Her record took place on May 29, 2012,
54423	Notably, one key date in This report is The supplementary report on September 13, 2062.
54439	South Australia, 4213. The patient, born on November 30, 1992, presented as a male with a history of a large retroperitoneal tumor. This tumor. was wrapped around The inferior vena cava, extending into The lesser sacs and down to The pelvis,
54462	0871. The medical report originates from The Intensive Care Unit at Normanton Hospital. The laboratory number is 49S10747 and The specimen analyzed is tissue. The sample was collected on April 6, 2014, at 19:01.
54472	The medical record 710252.RYE associated with patient Derrick Wiman, born on March 30, 2016, with ID number 71A252691H
54496	March 11, 2064, stands as a significant date in Oliva’s medical history, marking a pivotal moment for Her ongoing assessments. Dr. Eriksen was also involved in Her medical care ensuring thorough oversight.
54499	Carol lives on South Tinnin, Bega, Northern Territory, with a ZIP Code of 2559. She was born on October 24, 2004. on July 11, 2012, at 10:29 AM,
54513	This case involves multiple physicians, including Dr. Ashley Freddie Rositano, Dr. QS, and Dr. L Lutjen, with supplementary reports finalized on June 10, 2064 and June 12, 2064
54514	The specimen, labeled as tissue, was collected on July 26, 2012, at 11:59 AM from The West Department at Tallangatta Health Service under The supervision of Dr. Jere Gueits. Another date, September 29, 2062, is noted in connection with Associate Professor. M Adair, who contributed to The case. The final diagnosis confirmed a recurrent leiomyosarcoma
54523	Today, we examine the medical history of Calvin Enger, a patient whose Episode Number is 97A914399O His medical record Number is 9709143.YYO and His lab Number is 97A91439
54529	and she resides at Quincey, Bacchus Marsh, Western Australia, 5661. she was born on December 27, 1977, and the report involves tissue specimens collected on August 14, 2012, at 9:17 AM, at the West Department of Caloundra Hospital. the doctors involved include Maurice Letcher, Lino, and Suddath.
54537	Today, we are discussing the case of Dora Becker, a patient whose medical records are documented under the ID 3917577.MIK Dora’s case is crucial for understanding the progression of her treatment, with a significant first consultation on July 1, 2062.
54554	as benign fibrovascular tissue a finding reported by Dr. L Rodnguez to Dr. Barge at 10:15 AM on April 4, 2014,
54568	on March 4, 2064, she had an evaluation, and April 20, 2064, was another critical date in Her medical journey. Further contributing to Her care Dr. Wade, Dr. Curry, and Dr. Beasley played essential roles in Her treatment, plan. Now at the age of 53,
54573	evidence of malignancy is present. The slides of The endometrial polyp were additionally reviewed by Dr. D Hersey for confirmation. The final diagnosis concludes that The uterus, ovaries, and fallopian tubes exhibit An endometrial polyp with focal complex hyperplasia and no other abnormalities.
54594	Additionally, there are references to dates October 30, 2062, and November 9, 2062, for supplementary reporting. Microscopically, The 40 mm left forefoot
54596	This case follows Cathy Hill, whose Episode Number is 29M292382U Her medical record Number is 294292.JVH and Her lab Number is 29M29238
54599	Mike Crawford, with Medical Record Number 0973564.CBJ and Lab Number 09S35640
54619	2062, and Dr. Sharp, who contributed to His continued care Additionally, Dr. Black and Dr. Gay have played roles in managing His health across different medical institutions. Alan’s case. demonstrates the collaboration of multiple healthcare providers and institutions. ensuring comprehensive medical attention through every stage of His treatment.
54622	The medical report for patient Orval Stapelton, identified by ID number 75A861696D and medical record number 7508616.ZRD
54631	This medical report details the case of Ulva Florida Colabella, a 72 year old female patient identified by ID number 63F233724L and medical record 6322337.HLL the lab number is recorded as 63F23372
54644	at 62 years old, Cathy’s health has been closely monitored, with additional care. provided by Dr. Wiggins and Dr. Smart. A key medical event occurred on June 4, 2012,
54645	carcinoma in the lung, measuring 48 mm in diameter. the tumor displayed histological heterogeneity with 45% poorly differentiated large cell carcinoma 20, usual adenocarcinoma, 20, clear cell adenocarcinoma, and 15%
54650	Clinically, the patient was diagnosed with endometrial cancer, specifically a Grade 2 endometrioid adenocarcinoma identified in curettings. Macroscopic examination included multiple specimens. the frozen section report indicated calcification and necrosis
54657	It is medical history has been carefully documented for ongoing care. on June 5, 2012, at 12:07 PM, Mason received medical attention at the Orana Department of Richmond Hospital. He was under the care. of Dr. Bosh, ensuring a thorough examination and treatment.
54661	The diagnosis confirmed a 35 mm adenocarcinoma. in The right upper lobe of The lung.
54680	This is a medical summary for patient Rosetta Soloway, identified by ID number 49S107472G and medical record 497107.LTH The patient's date of birth is October 29, 2032, and she resides in Tarporley, Newcastle, New South Wales, ZIP code
54682	a significant date in His medical history is August 8, 2062, when further assessments were conducted under the supervision of Dr. Dell.
54698	The primary doctors involved in His care include Dr. Wesley, Dr. Jordan, Dr. Bell, Dr. Allen, and Dr. Landfair. Chris had another visit on May 5, 2064, further demonstrating The continuity of His treatment. Additionally, a previous report
54702	Katrina Rose, a 64 year old patient, resides on Gobind Street, Sanctuary Point, New South Wales, with postal code 3387. She is currently under medical care at Cootamundra District Hospital.
54722	The medical record 2993107.QJX belongs to The patient Charline Dania Abed, with ID number 29Z31076 The report was last edited on June 20, 2064. The case involves multiple doctors, including Dr. SQ, and Dr. DV.
54756	Kenny Smith, a resident of North Napa in Tea Gardens, Australian Capital Territory (postal code 6957), is currently receiving medical care at Western District Health Service, Pennhurst. Born on November 26, 2004, Kenny’s case is documented under medical record number 7568703
54763	On July 3, 2012, at 4:11 PM, Nikola had a medical consultation at PathologyWest, located within Bamaga Hospital. He was treated by Dr. Charlotte at that time.
54769	This is a medical report for Annalisa Trexler, identified by ID number 59K847594T and medical record number 594847.PYK Her lab number is 59K84759
54779	Subsequent evaluations were conducted on multiple dates. on August 22, 2063. Dr. Mood reviewed His condition. Further assessments followed on September 3, 2063. by Dr. Sabonis, September 4, 2063. by Dr. Jefferson, and September 5, 2063. by Dr. Freedom.
54783	Today, let’s take a look at the medical history of Mark Wall, recorded under Episode Number 19P329496B and medical Record Number 1963294.YRB His Lab Number is 19P32949
54812	Throughout Her medical experience, she has been under the care of dedicated healthcare professionals, including Dr. Marvin, Dr. Vincent, Dr. Kuminga, and Dr. Ellis. Her medical records highlight multiple follow up dates, with key appointments noted on July 1, 2062, November 8, 2062, and October 28, 2063. These dates, especially October 28,
54822	Episode No. 08Q379659E Today, we take a closer look at the medical history of Tereasa Dekker, a patient born on June 22, 1989. Her medical record, identified as 086379.QPZ is linked to lab number 08Q37965
54856	This highlights how extensive and long term care is provided to patients like Brendon making it clear that His treatment, plan spans several decades of consistent medical attention.
54869	Throughout the consultation Oliver’s health was monitored by a team of specialists. An important date in His medical timeline is June 3, 2064, when significant notes were recorded. the medical department handling Oliver’s care at the time was categorized under Hunter Area which plays a vital role in managing His health conditions.
54877	His medical record number is 526828.SHR and His lab number is 52P82872
54893	followed by Dr. Walton on September 12, 2062, Additional medical oversight was provided by Dr. Prince, ensuring comprehensive Care This case underscores the significance of ongoing cardiovascular monitoring and professional medical support over a patient’s lifetime.
54903	Maria was later treated at Plantagenet Hospital, located at 3/9 Jennie Cox Close, with another recorded visit on September 5, 2062, During this time, she was seen by Dr. Sharp and Dr. Kaminsky.
54908	Dr. DY, and Dr. VU. The specimen collection date is June 16, 2064, with a report, date of June 17, 2064, at 9:55 AM on April 14, 2014, Dr. Q Herrea phoned The frozen section results to Prof. Q Earls.
54912	Born on June 17, 1988, he is a male patient residing in Colemans, Moama, QLD, with a postal code of 1156. a tissue specimen was collected on July 12, 2012, at 22:14, at The HAPS department of Swan Hill District Health Swan Hill
54916	This case focuses on Nida Terry, who is registered under Episode Number 87D090676Y Her medical record Number is 8710906.SPY and Her lab Number is 87D09067
54925	indicating an important medical event or follow up Additional records, include a July 2, 2062 entry linked to Dr. Sexton, and an August 10, 2062 entry associated with Dr. Fox. Her lab reports reference 87D09067 87D09067
54949	The record's date of January 3, 2062, underscores The timeline of These observations. and conclusions.
54957	revealed metastatic adenocarcinoma consistent with colorectal adenocarcinoma
54960	the patient has a history of colorectal cancer with a query for liver metastases. a frozen section was conducted on a sample from the liver surface, which was an irregular piece of tissue measuring 5x4x2mm.
54967	Calvin resides on Gunnels Wood Street in San Remo, WA, 2069. He was born on May 10, 2006, and His medical records provide a thorough account of His healthcare journey.
54990	The case was managed by Dr. Augustus Jay Aspley. Additional doctors involved in The case include Dr. CK. Significant dates related to this report include June 10, 2064, and June 18, 2064, Microscopic examination, reported by Dr. Z Gleghorn and Dr. Z Sommerville, confirmed A grade 3 endometrioid adenocarcinoma of The endometrium with minimal glandular formation
54999	This report concerns Bradly Vella, medical record 6100948.NMR and ID number 61B09485 The last edited date is May 22, 2064. The clinical indication was adenocarcinoma of The cervix with a history of previous cone biopsy.