271	...That would be good for you. ...That would be helpful for me in order to be happier and not to feel this enormous amount of pressure that I never even realized I did, until now, which is astounding, to tell you the truth; I can't really lie about that. And I think, like anything, I guess, with over time, you build a different mantra. ...If you put in the effort. Yeah.
278	But I continue to think that it would be worse to try and fail than not to try and fail; if that. That’s something that’s not a whole lot. Yeah, I don’t want to think about it. You’re pretty sure you’ll cancel the tutoring session? Yeah; yeah. If it were like two hours later and that’s so long, then - How long is it? It’s like three hours. Around 2?
315	Great. So doing experiments like that is really informative, kind of figuring out what works for you and things that have a big impact on your day 15 minutes in the morning making a much longer commute you're not going to stick with that. So figuring out what impacts you and gives you the best benefit for the least amount of negative impact is something that's sustainable. If I could hold out until I got to work and eat a breakfast there, that would also . . . That sounds like too long of a commute, though, to . . .
2423	One of the dilemmas is that as you articulate what you wish you had that would helpful is a parent who is more supportive. Both of you. You wish not only for your own parents to be people who they are not but his parent sounds like that also is a piece of what we may have felt clearer after your exchange with Ivan's dad that he has tremendous deficits also as a parent.
2465	the feeling it gave me. But I knew I couldn't do it, and so I didn't snort any in Geneva. I just tried to put a little bit on my gum, but panic just set in. Mm-hmm. Now, I can't even like I used to smoke pot sometimes with my friends, which kind of helped me calm down, and I can't even I can't do that anymore, it makes me panic immediately.
2487	Doing that makes me, I had sat down I think Friday and was like, “Oh. The semester started. Well, fuck it, I’m not going to do anything with it this weekend”. And then I was like, “Okay, I’ll sit down Monday and work on it”, and then didn’t want to. And then today, I was just like “uuuugh... don’t want to again”. And part of it was I really miscalculated how... so
2494	But if setting that up for yourself, if setting up a certain number of applications and you get to go on the trip stops you from applying stops you from applying because you don't think you deserve the trip then that's not... Okay. ...that's not helping you either. True. We need to find something that gets you to do something to help yourself. Mm hmm. So far all I can really do is just guilt myself and hope...
2505	it was like ten minutes before I was getting into bed. I was checking my e-mails one last time before I went to bed. Last night. Yeah. Then I checked e-mail today, and James posted like, you know, clearly upset, and he then before I went to bed, he was like, “I’m very upset at the
2515	It does go away, but I feel like I have no control over it. It’s happening. If it happens more and more, and like if the Seroquel isn’t going to help either then like, I mean I guess I it’s helping some, but it’s not helping enough. And like I can’t, you know, I don’t know if the Imipramine has stopped working or something and I can’t really go back on Wellbutrin because it’s really bad for anxiety. And I’m just like…I’ve run out of options.
2553	It's almost like kind of an information management or an information flow management, like that's how you think about it rather than "I'm so overwhelmed." You can't believe this just happened. "This is just catastrophic. I don't know what to do." You don't think those two are the same thing? My response is exactly the second one,
2561	Yeah. But I've been dreading talking about it and it wasn't so bad, you know. Just about what we were going to do as far as selling, you know. And I said I was going to do something. Oh, see if they have an investment modification program. Maybe I'll call them today or tomorrow. This is the bank? Yeah. Just to buy some time, you know. My condo litigation is just I'm on all these emails that I can't even read them.
2582	Good morning. Good morning. I had a good day yesterday. It was feeling like Spring. Maybe one day it’s feeling like Spring, but – you know – good enough. so I took the kids out to the playground. And I started packing. Part of me thinks that moving could be really good. I don’t know. Back to waiting and seeing. I don’t know enough what the options are.
2583	the weekend was particularly hard, I guess in one general way and in one specific way. The specific way was it was very hard to sit through the same wedding ceremony, the same liturgy that I had gone through. You know, they say essentially the same vows to each other, and here I am sitting next to a person. And having the vows sort of read to me is a painful contrast with the reality of my situation at present. So these are the intentions or these are the promises, and
2584	But of course, the place you're taking it back to is that I recurringly have been able to handle things better than other people. You're not sure of certain details, like Tanya taking the plastic bag into the bathroom. You're thinking that you can handle it somewhat, that somehow no one else could. It would be too much.
2644	or approach to life that is dramatically different from mine. Yeah, I think that's a large piece of the... Yeah, and I have no idea what to do about that. Yeah. Well, this is certainly not the only solution, or it's not the whole solution. But this kind of thing I think you can have conversations with Tanya about. I think that's right. Yeah, I guess I'm thinking about two things. One, I'm not exactly sure how to have those conversations.
2695	I don't know if I was younger. Maybe I was a little younger. I don't know. I never pay attention to my age in my dreams. I don't know if other people do. But yea, I come across I never thought about it but I think I come across as a girl child. Not really a woman but that's because I don't think of myself as a woman. I don't know when I will. But I was flapping my arms and my arms looked pretty thin so I was like, Yea, this could be a younger me." Or... Yea, maybe I feel like that because I just don't have friends who are younger to me. So I don't feel older.
2712	So she's going to meet me and she chose a different gas station, right where she would turn onto the route. Yep. But then Jess was so sick that she needed her mom — because Jess was going out to her parents'. I see. And that's what made it easy to meet, you know. I see. She was just going to drive — Yeah. But then Jess —
2723	So when you’re thinking about killing yourself to escape, that’s one that can’t be undone. But joining music can. Pretty easily. Right. That’s a smaller decision than moving out of your apartment. So it’s a pretty safe one to take a gamble on. I guess. I’m so reluctant to do it now and I don’t know. I think you’re afraid. I’m afraid that it’s going to be work rather than enjoyable. Yeah. So let’s see what it is. And if it’s work, then you back off. Okay.
2777	he's not following the right plan and how I should definitely go and see his chiropractor and then he's saying a lot of different things. Then he told me he was going to go speak with this chiropractor to see if I could get in there, Dr. 'whatever his name is' for free because he told me he charged $75 and I said I didn't really want to be spending that right now,
2812	And he's friending women and it's like I don't know. I'm just afraid. I mean, I wanted to be OK that he's seeing other women. But I'm not sure if I am OK. I think I was hovering over his bed because he was sleeping. And I just wanted to be like give him a hug. And then just quickly fly away or something. It wasn't a sexual thing which is weird because it should be but it wasn't. It was actually sexual with a third, totally different, unattainable guy. It's like unattainable in every single way. I mean, you look that way in ‘86 or ‘90 or something.
2836	surprising to me, and so I went “Oh.” And he’s like “What.” “It’s just you e-mailed a lot more detail than I probably would have wanted or would have written.” And like I didn’t say anything after that, because I didn’t really have anything to talk – and I was also like
2842	but I feel like I feel like the period where I start thinking maybe this will just be over, like maybe I won’t have to feel this way, and then it comes back. I feel like that is really bad; that it’s the worst. And so – Sort of pulling the rug out. Yeah. Somehow it still seems very important, because we have to learn now that this what my life is occurring now. I feel like the the little things that might –
2877	I was not particularly pleased with the work. I mean I was pleased when they got to the point they had these reasons. Which is a vaguely depressing experience, very depressing experience but vaguely satisfying to be able to bury it in that way.
2942	I tell my mom what I eat. Just because I am not fat like she is. How have you felt? Are you feeling sad or depressed? Last time we talked, you were quite unhappy. Are you feeling suicidal?
2943	Which when I went to pick up, they were out of. And they were like "Why don't you go to the CVS in the other Square?" and I'm at the one in this Square. I was like "Well, when are you going to get Adderall in?" This was Friday, I guess, maybe Saturday, I don't know. And they said Tuesday because the pharmacist had to order it yesterday,
2952	and when God talks.....and I have to show this to people... - Right. And that’s why I’ve come here to show you. And when God talks to you? Can I just clarify this with you? What? Does he talk to you like I’m talking to you, with the voice coming through your ears or does it feel more like voice doesn’t come through your ears it comes out of your mouth, voice comes out of your mouth and goes in your ears. Is that right?
2955	to a lot of the issue I think. They haven't visited before and so to a large extent I have no idea what to expect. I think we've discussed that generates some anxiety for me. Is the anxiety that there are particular scenarios you're worried about or just is it just sort of really amorphous? I think it's generalized. It's no particular thing that I am worried about other than there's no particular thing I'm worried about.
2970	this to, you know, I'm so smart, I have all these ideas. You could think of this but It wasn't about my anxiety. Maybe. I mean, clearly you are feeling anxious when you are feeling overwhelmed. Absolutely. In that sense it's your anxiety. I don't think you're actually I'm not sure that's really mostly what this is about.
2978	Well, it is another piece of it, because I feel like the medication should be working better, that I shouldn't have any pain with the medicine. Dispute, dispute, dispute. OK, the medicine will take the edge off, but it is not a cure-all, and there are other things that I can do to extrapolate and make
2983	I think I was not sharing the internal parts with James either. So he doesn’t necessarily see a difference. You know, I was doing UCT, so like nobody had access to my like that, including me. There wasn’t a whole lot apparently. Yes, exactly. At least that we can know about it.
3010	That is, if you really need butter. Bad policy. Fair enough. There's also a sense in which I don't like
3027	they lower the baseline anxiety. So it’s not something; yes, it can help in the moment if you’re starting to feel really anxious and it’s a time when you can get out an exercise, it can add that distraction component in a moment. But if you’re able to engage in a little bit of activity every day, that helps all the time. Just to lower the overall anxiety, to discharge some of that energy, to get endorphins flowing that counteract some of this other stuff you’re feeling. The exercise can be a mood lift and an anxiety prevention technique that works across the board.
3059	I also work at an insurance office and don’t have time to sleep more than I do. Is there something you are very concerned about/ afraid of happening? What do you worry about? I worry about my daughters being harmed like I was. I also worry about how the separation with my husband will affect them. When my parents divorced, it was devastating to me. My life just went downhill. Can you tell me more about what you mean by your life went downhill?
3094	continues to do so through time. So, but... you know, that sort of “casually dismissive” of that strain of theory, of... Oh, not even casually. Sorry, I meant off-handedly... Taken. But... fair enough.
3104	Or I think it’s just . . . I don’t know, I want—I don’t know. I don’t know. Someone or, I don’t know, stepped in and saved the day, I guess. I don’t know. I wish she would—I mean, I know she can’t or—I don’t know. But I wish someone was like,“Okay, look. Here it is. This is what we’re doing. do it.” I don’t know. She just doesn’t want that or any responsibility to deal with this. And I know she can’t, because she can’t talk to Stefan, but I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t know,
3108	Right. So Bank of America, if you deposit large amounts of money, will hold it for ten days, which I tell people they should get wire. First I tell them they shouldn't do Bank of America, but they should get the money wired because the bank takes too long.
3113	restructure to have something to go do part time? So every Monday I go spend five hours to volunteer on that study. Oh you do? Oh.
3137	Part of my anxiety comes from the sense that my, in asking that question, and in feeling like you sort of pulled back at that moment as if that were like both a shocking question and perhaps too much; as if I had like in trying to fix something that I felt like I had done badly or yeah; that’s close enough. I had done another thing, I had asked too much or something.
3142	You know, "Can we download Bad Piggies?" "No." "Can we download Bad Piggies?" "No. Okay, we'll download Bad Piggies." Yeah. I don't know. I had a title exam due yesterday that I kind of blew off. I was wondering if I had had the medication if I would've done it or not. Sometimes they prescribe stimulants for people who are depressed too. I mean, I hope it helps.
3176	Yes. This morning I woke up — You mean as opposed to drinking less coffee and booze. — I wasn't nauseous. Right. Asshole. But I came back into the TV room and he was in his PJs, but he had his snowboarding helmet on. You know, if he doesn't pick it up this year, I'll do lessons again next year. He has it in him, you know, I think he's just a little nervous about falling.
3199	So just notice you have the primary kind of disturbed emotion and then what is called a secondary one you worry about that. So back to the disputing... OK. So... Wait. Now I just forgot which one we were disputing. Oh, about the phone call and that I should have called and... ...Been a model of efficiency and perfection. Right. Dispute.
3214	I'm not sure that's the right reason to marry someone. It certainly didn't factor into why I married Ivan, but now that we are married I feel guilty about wanting those things. Mm. I wonder though if there's a way You sort of discount it as, it shouldn't matter at all. Maybe it can matter some. But I feel like I guess I feel like that says something pretty bad about me if that's not okay. Hm. That you're snobby, is what that's about?
3217	In don't know what to make of it. Kelly and I hung out. Sunday we went to Mystic. When I'm with her it's great, but also I don't know what to make of some of my superficial feelings, like "I wish you were skinnier." She's very pretty, but I don't know. There's that. I'm a little confused. I'm just confused. It definitely feels kind of roller-coaster-y now. Do you know what I mean? Like earlier today I was feeling good, and now I feel like shit.
3230	So if you're not ready to get separated one of the things I think we really need to help you do more is to learn, for right now, to not be as responsible for him. It's impossible. Cause as your language comes out Ramona, every single thing you're saying is that it's as though he's your parents and your saying "I have to take care of him and I have to be kind, then I have to coax him out of that, then I have to do this..."
3243	What I get from the papers I get is, I get sort of clues...right, as to what I’m supposed to do and how I’m supposed to get the other clues to hone it down... and come up with a final thing. And how long has all of this been going on would you say? It’s been for ages now. How long would you say? Absolutely ages now. Well I’ve been up all week. About a week?
4808	We should stop for now.
24016	Right and you sort of, you want him to take responsibility for the, for the things that he's doing that result in you feeling angry. Yeah and it just really bothers me. He says, "I'm sorry." I'm like, "Okay, you said that the last time too." You know? And it's not... I'm not yelling. I'm not raising my voice. Like I was... But the tone feels yelling because the tone feels... Yeah. ...like you're reprimanding him. Which I am... Mm hmm.
24018	I said "You know you're not really...it's not really your field and even if it was you are his dad and you are so close to this." He's like "Well I did take a lot of psychology courses," and I just...I'm sorry I can't get past that I'm so angry at him. He's a pastor, he went to seminary, like he's not... major in psychology even. He has no...but he's honestly on the phone telling me how 20 years ago he took a couple classes and I'm just like...
24023	Usually people are closer to one sibling or two siblings than others. That's who you talk to about things that you need help with or that you share. There's a way in which you go into this very logical formula about time management.
24055	That sometimes I'm worried that things in my marriage might not improve enough. Or, what if they don't? Or all of the "what ifs." And then, "What am I going to do if it doesn't? What am I going to " Mm. And I wonder if that isn't based on how it feels more than based on the progress that's been. Yes. Like the timeline or facts or the - Yes. Uh huh. So that feels a little less concrete of an example.
24063	Or what I thought, you know, using his college education would look like. Or I guess not the type of lifestyle I thought. Mm. And maybe even money-wise not. Mm hm. And he's not really passionate about working at a sandwich shop, so I would feel like it would just be a job. Which some people have, you know, just a job and that's not their big thing in life. Mm hm.
24081	So in feeling like with the more trust you can share more, is it partly how I will talk to you about it or feeling more trusting how we'll handle it together? That would be a reasonable feeling. I'm not sure I have any reason that's anywhere as reasonable as that. I don't know as I have an articulated reason for it, which is interesting.
24098	So just so that I'm making sure that I'm understanding this really, what this comes down to and the gist of REBT is that we do make ourselves depressed? Yes, which is not to deny that, in some people, there is the... There is the biochemical... ...The biochemical components. Yeah, that was my essential question. Yeah.
24198	So who have you been showing it to? Well, ok, who have I been showing? I’ve er.., I’ve sent copies of stuff to the Pope...Right....and the Archbishop of Canterbury, and none of them have written back, you’d think they would, you know. So no replies yet? ...cos they’re close to God, they probably know him. They probably met him and stuff. Yeah. Well I mean the Pope; he claims to have met him...Right.
24224	It seemed like the only path forward when asked directly. Yeah, I think it's something like, as you know since you've been seeing me the whole time and can remember all of it, I have been hurt a lot over the last several months.
24244	to sleep in on another day and I don't need him for anything then I get, then I'm not mad about it and I can let it go. But when it impacts plans that we would be doing together and then I have to work around him because he stayed up all night. It's just really tiresome. Yeah. I'm sorry that you guys are having such a hard time being happy together
24264	this is a very kind of interesting thing where I sort of feel like my whole was tense. I feel like, “Okay shoulders, relax.” “Relax.” Then I’d be like, “No, no, that’s not okay.” And like tense up again. I don’t
24274	And, you know, the hyperactivity, none of that stuff registered. But most everything else did. I was kind of surprised that certain things that, you know, I thought was me being organized, that this test seems to suggest is a potential — Like what? Like coming home and putting my wallet and my keys in the same spot every time so I don't lose them, things like that. Hmmm.
24290	maybe a couple of snacks, but I never had meals in my bedroom and I thought that's what normal people do. It sounds pretty typical. He thought it was pretty typical. Even though he wasn't allowed to eat in his bedroom growing up, just like I wasn't, he thought it was typical that once that restriction is no longer there, that people eat in their bedrooms all the time. I don't know who's not that either of us is right . . .
24293	I know. When you think the way I expressed when I was role-playing, would you agree? Yes. So, again, can you complete the disputing of that last point, without having to do it perfectly? May I throw that in?
24304	And it's taking care of me in a way. Or even if I do the cooking, but she still comes over and talks with me about my day. And she still follows up, like, "How did your interview go?" Mm. And she's always still taking care of me and she's always been very reluctant to share if even a small thing in her day went wrong. Oh. She's very much the Mom.
24333	and there's something kind of comforting and familiar about knowing whether it gets to go in the good column or it gets to go in the bad column. I just think that's what your family did, but it's not about knowing who you are. It's not about knowing, it's about categorizing and black-and-white kind of thinking. What are you thinking?
24342	Work, I can’t really do that because it’s just like there is the parking garage and then I have the pass to, and that’s my free parking. Yeah, so choose a spot that’s the longest walk. Oh, okay. And then it’s just, you know, so you get a couple of minutes, maybe there. Same thing at the doctor’s office. It’s supposed to be warmer on Friday. You know, a safe spot, but a little bit further away. Don’t pick the one that’s closest to the door. Pick the one that’s safe,
24346	three or four of them also have pretty bad anxiety and get panic attacks. I didn't know that my brother was seeing somebody either, but they were both really  supportive so it was nice. Mm-hmm. It was calming in a way, to know that I didn't somehow get like the worst of it, but then knowing that it's so bad for everybody, you know, it was like oh man,
24361	Exactly, and whilst in the short term that alleviates your symptoms because you don’t have to get panicky, what’s happening is that the more you avoid doing things, the less likely you are to ever get around to ever finding out whether or not anything awful really happens. Right, yeah, right. Does that make sense? It does, it does make sense. Well, if we are starting to tackle this as if it were an anxiety problem, there are a number of approaches. We can think about tablets, we can think about other kind of talking approaches.
24366	What do you want him to do? What do you want his response to be? I don't know. Because I feel like if he did give me permission to kill myself that would probably make him a very bad boyfriend. And it sounds like you don't actually want to. At least not now, but when I feel like that
24382	Right. What she wants to do is, because my rent's going down to $1200, she's not going to be able to get $1200 rent anywhere that isn't a slumlord or in a bad neighborhood. So she wants my $1200 rent, you know, and for me to move into the house that's getting foreclosed on or short stay alert. I don't know why she wants me to move there, you know, but... Right. She just wants to cover her own ass.
24387	So I think the two things that I don’t remember talking extensively about are one; I really want to have a family. So in a sense, you have this thing that I very much want and don’t really see how I am going to have because I just really don’t just… I really get used to want to have children with Tanya. In addition to wanting to have children, I’m not sure that I want to have children with Tanya. I don’t know if she can handle it.
24404	So even though I knew that, I tapped out of two panels within ten minutes. I just it was too frustrating. So there was that. I don’t know. I didn’t buy books because the dealers’ room was too big. I just ... Sorry, the what? The dealers’ room was really big. It’s like a... I don’t know what else to call it. You know, like a big convention center space - Oh, you mean it was really big to go in, and look around for stuff?
24428	What tends to make you feel better or worse is what control you have and how you respond to whatever stressors there are. Those stressors can be things that can ongoing and chronic or something more time-limited, like the move. Maybe. I guess I'm just thinking it's brain chemistry and the drugs aren't fixing the brain chemistry.
24444	It's a little bit more nebulous in your 20s, but it's still pretty common, certainly with a lot of different people under stressful circumstances. Yeah. My friend, Franco our friend, Franco my best friend, is here in Andover. He went with me a lot. I let him take care of me a fair amount. It's easier because he's here. I don't know. The hurdle of traveling was large. But then, why are we here? We're here because . . .
24460	Most important is understanding sufficiently the REBT techniques. OK. And more important is applying them and taking action, and being motivated. Well, the reason I'm asking is because I feel it is it is almost
24462	Yea, I was just imagining. I would say, "OK, I'm going to go down this street." And I would just fly over it. I don't know. I was in an auto with this really famous actor in India. He doesn't look so good now. He's in his 40s but I was with him and he was 18 and he looked really, really cute and hot. It's weird. And then I tried really, really hard to imagine Victor Street. But I just couldn't do it for some reason. Then finally I did it. I cheated or something and then I did it. And then I was hovering over him or something. That's it. It's so weird.
24542	I mean oh, God. And God forbid something were to happen, and I'm then having this panic attack. So we did some and it didn't feel right, it burned, and cocaine is not supposed to burn, it numbs you, you know? Mm-hmm. And so for some reason I did all three lines and then was like
24552	That's true skepticism that there isn't necessarily one right but that there are lots of ways to look at something or lots of possibilities and we're uncertain, that there's some level of uncertainty in any of the beliefs and sometimes that you're not necessarily choosing a different belief, but your just choosing to believe that there may be some wiggle room or some error in any one belief gives people freedom to just feel more comfortable.
24597	Are you feeling as frustrated, anxious, or depressed as you...? Not as much, not as much. And why do you think it is? 'Cause I'm recognizing what is actually creating these disturbing emotions and situations that... So you're feeling, you said, more empowered? You're feeling, therefore, I guess, less a victim of the circumstances... Right, right.
24602	Yeah. And she is 29. I mean like and I tried to tell her, even though I think And she's, you know, she still feels that way. Mm. I think especially because of the role Ivan has played thus far. Yeah. I wish she didn't feel like she had to take care of me. And, I don't know, I always feel bad. So even if she comes over after a long day of work and we make dinner, or even if I make her dinner, I still feel a little bad because - Hm.
24613	I have two brothers and sisters, and particularly my sisters really want to be there for me and take care of me but, again, it's like at what point? As far as the time issues, we're getting into half a dozen or a dozen people. I can't talk to all of them every day. I can't talk to I suppose if I talk to each of them once a week we could talk for a little bit of time. There's no continuity of the area of across people.
24644	You had said that you didn't tell them about her going to the bathroom. I said that you didn't tell me that either. You said trust what was it you said about the trust? I was struck by that.
24653	I still have been really not feeling great. I don’t know. Here’s the getting it’s kind of I was at a sci-fi convention, a big local sci-fi convention this weekend. Didn’t I explain my anxiety about how I had to stay with friends and ... Yeah, you had been, I think, hemming and hawing about whether you were going to go or not.
24675	And if it feels like it’s too much of a pressure right now, you say, you know, I’m sorry; I realize it’s too much of a time commitment right now. And to give yourself permission to leave. I don’t want to do that, like, because people have done that in the past and I don’t want to be one of those people who does that. Hopefully it won’t come to that. But if that’s the case, then you’ve learned something. And sometimes people need to do that. Yeah. But that might not be the case. It might be that it feels good to have something to go to; an option that’s better than staying in a ball.
24691	It lasted about ten hours. So I slept for four of those, and then after about six hours of being awake I felt like I really had to start making travel plans for how I was getting to Ohio and then what slides was I going to present. So mostly after I defended I felt tired, because I hadn't slept very much the last couple of days making the slides. So on Wednesday I was more rested, and mostly I felt something closer to likeI guess there were kind of two separate things. One was like loss of purpose.
24760	I couldn't remember. She said to go up on the Prozac and I can't remember if she told me not to go up on Prozac; but I'm going up on it anyways. I'm now taking 25mg of the lamotrigine in the morning. What's that? The lamictal. Less than or more? More.
24770	at the same time. I started getting my weight under control. I mean granted, I started doing drugs and was on my way to potentially having an eating disorder. I started losing weight, and even with all my GI problems, I made dean's list first semester, sophomore year.
24772	like they're kind of angrily keeping things back. I think you're more frightened. I could be wrong, but you probably feel pretty ashamed about it and worried that it's going to make you look like an asshole and that whoever isn't really going to want much more to do with you. Is that about right? Yep. I'm also worried that if I let other people know just how bad things are, they will use that to take advantage of me. I see.
24782	Yeah, 3. 3:00. Yeah. But, there’d be either/or like three hours. I would feel like there was a Yeah. Sometimes I can rally. Okay. But, I think maybe I need to not ask myself to rally right now. I think that’s why, because particularly, after three hours of holding it together, you could I hadn’t thought about that. Yeah.
24823	So in the time we have had tonight, we actually didn't even discuss your last week's homework, which was to... To dispute the whole weekend with my parents... ...to dispute ideas about your parents, and to write down useful "E"s. In a few of our sessions, you've pointed out including tonight that you would like more comfort and familiarity with the D step and the E step. Mm-hmm.
24847	I had to order an updated payoff, so I've been waiting on that. I went and saw Dr. Micah on Tuesday. At first she was cutting back my Wellbutrin,
24850	Well, you probably don't remember this because it was sort of in the throes of the stuff, but we had talked about how not being able to remember things can feel like not having control over things in the way you feel you should. I don't remember talking about that. Yeah. And so it can be something you blame yourself a lot for, I think. Yeah. Yeah.
24899	Yeah, I guess you probably did mean that, yeah. So that's kind of a big-probably a deep feature of how I like to exist in relationships. I don't want the relationship to all be about me. And so it's-we've talked many times about this being a strange relationship for me, because like I come and tell you my problems and that's what we talk about. So yeah, I definitely feel like I also try to alter that narrative, at least internally somewhat, in order to feel better about it or something. But also in the real world like I actually want to talk about things that are interesting to you.
24909	then the medication they gave me first for my stomach made me sick, and the medicine they gave me to do the endoscopy made me sick and it's like I just want to like I'm ready to go on a yoga retreat and drink herbs or something, and get acupuncture and not deal with any more pharmaceuticals at this point. Herbs can make you sick. Yeah. It's not that I want to give you something else to be anxious about.
24912	It's like I spend so much of my energy not thinking about things. Well, I mean I can't deal with problems and then I don't have the attention that I ordinarily would have because, you know, a huge portion of my energy is going toward staving off this panic that's there all the time.
24947	It's okay for me to use it during the day or something. The thing is the prescription is worded such that I can take another one per day. Part of me thinks it will interfere with my morning driving and commute. Does it make you tired? It used to when I took it. Eventually I get used to it, but the whole getting used to it period seems like it would be too much hassle for not that much reward.
24961	Ok....and your GP has asked me to see you? So that’s why I’m here. - Is that right? - Yeah cos I got to tell you about this, there’s important stuff in there. Really important stuff... - Ok, well before we start with that I come to see you. Can I just ask you what would you like me to call you- What name? Yeah. - Name, name is a game, I don’t bother with names, that’s just too good...
24976	Yeah. But I mean, between those two years, I also made a lot of decisions, like personally. I was going to confront my sexuality and I was starting to that was started to become more of something that I couldn't ignore any more and I started dealing with it. I joined the soccer team and really felt like I fit in finally, you know, like throughout high school, I didn't feel like I fit in. Freshman year,
25002	tchotchkes. There were a lot of them. A lot. Kind of. Like it was, I just felt like I can’t figure out what I want through this really loud, anti-Sunday, kind of stank-smelling crowd. Like, I don’t know, I was just kind of having the, everything that ever irritates me about the sci - fi fantasy fans, it knocked me all weekend. Interspersed
25010	And you were worried you might start to feel like doing something? If I took the Adderall, yeah. You know, like I'd go to the office and do something, you know, which I probably should have done. I'm going straight to the office from here. And I had motivated and made that decision before I took the Adderall. But I definitely can tell the difference. Not too long after taking it, like right now, from how I felt, you know, an hour ago. Good, I'm glad it's helping. It could be really
25023	I mean, I have to figure out how to extract myself from this situation, you know. Riley has not been communicating to me at all about it. He just in one email said he no longer supports the litigation. And of course the email that I wrote out with our options. Luckily I didn't talk about our trial strategy, but the disenfranchised woman ends up emailing it to the defendant. I am picking a trial date on Tuesday. We have a closing that morning. Probably not going to be able to meet with you on Tuesday.
25024	So they're not going to order it until Friday and I'm not going to have it until Tuesday. Oh. And the title was due yesterday. So I left the registry and said I'll just finish the title and explain that I need to follow up on this a week from now. So for some reason, I decide to go get Chinese food. Whenever I get Chinese food, I get way too much and I eat it all. I basically just fell asleep on the couch and never got up and finished the title.
25028	What had he prescribed? He prescribed nothing. He said that, based on the notes that he got from my previous psychiatrist and my self-reported symptoms, he didn't think I needed anti depressants any more. He wrote me a script for Ativan to use on an as-needed basis
25069	I was telling my mom everything would be okay, but in my mind I was like, "Well, what are the chances of him coming to our house?" They could have. Yeah, but then I was like, "What are the chances that any of this is happening? It is happening in my backyard in all of our backyards in that neighborhood so for any one
25077	So, yeah. I don’t know. I don’t know. Finally get him on the phone again, Sunday, like noon time. I don’t know. Just feeling really low. I don’t know. He actually wants me to call this woman and tell her to back off. I was like, “Well, I think that will just make things worse if she’s serious.”“Impossible, it’s just the way she was so I would just wait to do that, if you really want me to do it.”
25097	I think she even says something like, " . . . not loving something that much, even myself." I was like, "Yeah, that makes perfect sense. It makes perfect sense if, when you loved that much, you got hurt. Right. That's very, very sad. Tomorrow. Okay. 12:50? All right. Thanks. See you.
25115	Like take a piece of it or something for myself, which is why it sounds horrible to me. I think another piece that’s going on, most of the women in my life, one way or another are
25123	let's see if we can't find other ways to kind of lower the general anxiety baseline. Your baseline of anxiety right now is really high. Your panic attacks are lasting longer than typical panic attacks so it's really high generalized anxiety and I think if we can lower that your sleep will return to what your typical sleep is like.
25165	Yeah I get like this I'm sure despite all my issues, I don't want to blame what's happened in my life. In other words all these issues I was the way I was before if that makes sense. No, can you clarify? Yes I've always been somebody who's very hard on myself... Until now. Oh really? Well, can you predict the future?
25176	One is sort of the word that’s just come up. I mean in a way, it seems to me like that’s actually what James did more than you wanted. You know the level of detail which he was describing; it felt more like he was conveying it in some way.
25225	The end result is that her father finally visited two weeks ago, but she hadn't wanted to see him before then and, basically, just wouldn't let him come. She wouldn't talk to him either, so it is like the burden is on me to communicate how she is doing and then also tell these people who love her and her family's impulse is always just to show up and be there which, in some ways, is a really good impulse and in some ways maybe not a great impulse.
25237	Right. And so I try not to do that, to avoid that structure but end up in this place and then I'm angry and we're back into like it just is complicated in that way. But you broadened it. What you started to think about as the extent to which you do that and this is in a very particular context in your marriage and also in terms of what's gone on for Tanya. But then you're sort of expanding it to thinking about how this plays out in other relationships for you. Yeah.
25256	and then it would come in today after eight PM I'm like well, I'm not going to take it until Monday anyway, so what's an extra day? So I haven't started it yet. Gotcha. So I'll probably start tomorrow. So how did the diagnostic process go? It was a series of questions, a lot of questions. Yeah. Of, you know, mild, moderate or severe or none at all, you know. Right.
25273	I think they're replacing in terms of I can get away with less other things, like it would normally be that if I got one of those microwave meals one thing by itself might not be enough, but with fruit it is. Or pieces of pizza I will eat less slices of pizza if I'm having fruit with it than if I'm not. And that's really the idea because you are replacing something that's probably better for you, fewer calories.
25274	or have been pregnant. That’s just sort of like both of my sisters are pregnant, have been pregnant; one of them is pregnant right now. Went in to labor briefly over the weekend; isn’t in labor anymore. So have another niece in a week or so probably, which is wonderful. I’m excited about it.
25286	I don’t…you know. So, there’s that. I feel like there may be a sense in which I am trying to appropriate your pregnancy, which sounds horrible. I’m sorry if that is potentially a thing that I’ve been doing. When you say appropriate, how do you mean?
25306	whip out. People mistreating you, people not taking care of your needs, you're having to scramble to make sure you take care of other people. But even, so I've mentioned and it's a very brief way to describe it, but Emma has taken care of me since I was little - Yeah. in so many ways. And she still does it - Mm hm.
25309	words. Yeah, “lost” is the word that... comes to mind, more than ruined. But yet, there is a sense of... yeah, I guess there is a sense of ruined to it, just isn’t the... You know, I understand why you ask the question before,
25330	I don't know. I mean, what's the point of always re-thinking about, "Oh, that person, they had such a nice childhood." And like, "And their parents are nice. And they can go home and be with their parents and lean on them anytime they want to. And I don't have that." I mean, OK, I don't have that. Let's accept that as a given and move on. I mean, that's what David would like me to do. So but I don't know. Why do I keep doing that? I mean, I guess I look at other people to draw lessons from their life.
25344	So I kind of ended up talking with Jess about what's going to happen with the house and she still suggested I move into the house and that she take my apartment, which now has one less room. I'm like, how are you going to fit in there, you know? So is that your condo? No, that's the multi-family. Where she is now?
25367	You are not alone in having a tendency to think: "something is unfamiliar" then extrapolating and thinking "it is TOO hard" and then extrapolating from thinking it is too hard to thinking "I'm not good enough, I can't or I won't be able to succeed,": and keeping yourself in a little limited restricted box instead of continuing to make effort one step at a time. When there's a relapse you pick yourself up and keep going.
25369	My upset and my disturbance over the pain and over the depression I guess, if that's what you want to call it of just feeling like every day is hard. So there are a few things that have just come up in what you said. There's the area of your girlfriend being in a nurturing role, but,
25377	get the prescription refilled, there is no practical value in asking, 'why did you do this?' Because she's already fixed it in some sense or as much as it is possible to fix it at that point. And so there's no immediacy to the discussion even to happen and at that time she already feels guilty
25390	I was really isolated throughout my entire childhood. I had no friends at all. I was tormented at school, tormented at home, but even at my happiest in the last ten years or so, there's always been the thought in the back of my head that things are good now, but don't expect them to stay good. You can always kill yourself tomorrow if they stop being good. What's that scene from The Princess Bride? "I'll kill you tomorrow."
25434	One would be through your history. If you have ADD, then the extent to which you have trouble focusing and trouble being organized should be fairly consistent through your history. Whereas if it's due more to depression, then those sort of difficulties should increase or decrease along with the extent of your depression or anxiety. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. That's one way to tell. Really the gold standard for diagnosing something like ADHD is neuro-psych testing,
25457	Hey! No, I hadn't appreciated having that quick insight. I think I think that's a hard problem. Yeah, and it shows up in so many areas of your life. You talked about it with respect to your career and how all the options seemed bad because there were some I don't want to say fundamental flaws, but flaws, yeah flaws and problems in them, they were not ideal.
25507	I think I had the sense that one of the ways that people get through life is by sharing their joys and their sorrows with the people and normally, I can…I have like the capacity to carry a lot of things so I can sort of carry other people’s sorrows. It helps. And I like it too. I like to help people. I think that’s sort of…I think that’s all I have are just thoughts.
25516	things like the highest likelihood of success, combined with what it’s most likely I’d actually do. Yeah; logistics are hard, but not that hard. They’re hard if I want them to be hard. This tutoring session’s going to be more; I thought about just taking the car somewhere. I think maybe I just won’t go to tutoring. When’s it at? 2:30.
25520	All the time that I had sort of blocked out this weekend for – for caring for tutoring and also preparing, researching for this talk during the week. Pretty much most of it, but like staring blankly at. So, I’ve been doing a lot of that. I feel like I have some creep disease, but like it doesn’t look like it. And that’s something like every five or ten minutes, I have to sort of decide not to kill myself. That takes a lot of work. Yeah.
25527	Yes. I feel like I’ve sort of said more or less what I had to say on the subject. I so want to say, yeah, you are hearing me correctly. That is a thing that I’m thinking about and it’s hard. But I guess that’s not a sufficient prompt to talk about it further. Is that an okay thing to say?
25533	which is a much more involved process that involves usually six or eight hours of testing with a psychologist and then, you know, the creation of a written report that is usually between six and 15 pages long or so, and that's kind of the gold standard for this kind of diagnosis. But, you know, you may have it and the questionnaires are good in terms of they can be helpful and better than nothing. Like I said,
25557	now I can move on, you know? Mm-hmm. But I just didn't it was carried over from high school. I was never a great academic student in high school. I was average, maybe a little bit below, but I just didn't try, I didn't really care, and I don't know why that is. My mom asks me a lot now, like what was your deal?
25581	"Oh my god. I'm completely overwhelmed. I have no idea what to do. I have this responsibility that's way over my head. I completely can't handle it. It's only five days away. I'm going to let my kid down. I'm anxious and confused." So it's, like, striking to me. Or you could ask one of the other parents. Or you could call the scout leader and ask him or her where to look. Or you could I mean, any one of those things would probably work. And again, I'm not saying
25588	like I was constantly changing them. The cocaine habit was kind of consistent, except for that one day when I did it before class, but it was kind of consistent, like I would just do it when I was out. Then of course, the one day when I did all of that, because I was excited about it, and I never did it again,
25598	But on the other side I'm inclined not to say so much about because you seem pretty maxed out with what you can bear. And I think that probably pretty well reflects the dilemma that you're in, which is the things that could help, whether it's understanding or task sort of things, or work, often feel like way too much. Yeah. We went to dinner with Franco. Mm hm.
25685	I think James should come and you guys should go to the ER, and I think it’s possible by the time they see you, you’re feeling better enough, or you think you’re feeling a little better; if you’re waiting there three or four hours, and you start to feel better, call me, and you can come back here and we can talk. Okay. You know this evening, either of them, you can come by. And, we can go from there; I’m happy to do that. But, there’s something about that
25714	Regardless of whether I had this, all this stuff going on right now because in past relationships when I didn't have this I did feel that I had to be bright, cheerful, happy, upbeat, otherwise...it was very extreme. It's like I'm either, can I relate it back to what I think maybe it comes from? Yes.
25724	wonder if you can find a way where you could both do really well. Yeah. It's really hard on the we're hoping that fixing the other issues you know but at temp I'm making like however much, you know. They let you put a like however much you would want and so I put my minimum at like 13 hours so if I was working 40 a week like that would be enough to support myself. Yeah, well I think that would be a big would certainly relieve one external stressor.
25745	she's got all the right stuff, but I don't think she has at all, ever, really delved in to her feelings. She, in some ways, she still does it with us. I think about when I'm old. I kind of feel fortunate that my mother is so independent and that she doesn't rely on us for, you know, for a lot. I mean she knows, you know, she knows we love her and we'd be there in a second if she needed us. We go down as often as we can, but she has
25770	panicking and the Klonopin did nothing immediately so you know which leads me to believe that if I had, you know, earlier I'd taken a quarter Klonopin the same thing would have happened where it wouldn't have done anything immediately, so - So you don't feel like the Klonopin helped at all? I don't know, like I guess it doesn't. It used to help, but now like if it does it does in such a subtle way that like it doesn't immediately help as I can see working right away.
25785	Not very often anymore. Does she have future plans for herself? So she's talking about wanting to be a priest. And so she's a little bit excited about that and a little bit terrified about that. And those are... I understand both of those, and that's fine. I feel like wanting to be a priest is mostly a response to feeling like she can't be academician and feeling that's the closest thing.
25790	Chicago visiting. She was living in Montana, so she came out to Chicago to visit, and there was a bunch of other people that had volunteered with us, who lived in kind of like the Chicago Metro Area. So we were all planning on getting together that night, and from our conversations getting to know each other while we were in Madagascar, I knew that everybody else liked to we used to call it,
25803	though reading it I was like, "It's just like Sex and the City and Gossip Girl, only better." I was like, "Okay, I really don't want to see this show now. Not really my thing.  He was talking about anxiety and describing having a panic attack the other night.
25837	I might ask first. That’s like a crappy metaphor for what I think was going on. I actually want to know, but that’s like…I also recognize that that’s a level of knowledge about you that I have no reason to expect you would want me to have and I’m actually really okay with that. But it’s this idea that like I have unintentionally stepped on you that led me to ask the actual question.
25853	am I making any sense? I can’t tell whether like the sort of shorthand that I’m using is actually expresses what I needed to express. I guess I mean like, I talked with her about like being in the hospital before, and like being mentally ill, and having really severe depression, and trying to describe that. Sometimes I’ll talk about it, and like feeling like
25860	I also would encourage you to go in and don't hold back, say what you said to me today to her, to Ivan, what you're feeling about the work and the feeling that maybe you can't get to any of this if you feel like you're not being understood or being heard in the work and that that's a piece of what when she's asking you "What do you need, what do you need, what do you need?
25864	I don't know. I'm tired and cranky and not feeling well. Like emotionally? And physically. All around? Yeah. I've had a headache all day, but it's been resistant to pain killers, both over the counter and prescription. Dave and I have been fighting a lot the last couple of days. I've been feeling really low. My mood has been lower the past week and a half to two weeks than it has been in quite a while.
25874	Then I…Friday morning I have my actual appointment with Dr. Barnes. They’re going down to Rhode Island and I actually need to help cook because my mom has an  What’s going on with your mom? Did I tell you that like my parents have been fostering cats with kittens?
25909	You're right at this point as you now share your thoughts, when you say it doesn't come naturally ... well surprise, surprise, how many sessions have we had? Today six? No this is the fifth. Five? So you expected to have mastered it by now? You expected to have changed 30 something years of habit by now? I did.
25945	I guess all in all I'm doing okay but . . . Yesterday I was like, "Wow, do I need to see Dr. Carlton again maybe? Do I have some kind of low-grade depression going on?" because even before all of this happened I wasn't feeling awful, but I just . . . I'm just so tired.
25952	to get together this weekend long something about multimedia stuff. It’s kind of a conference in my library so there’s like, keynotes each day with a catered lunch, like a bagged lunch, and workshops or discussions running every day, so it’s like, two workshops in the morning, an hour and a half keynote at noon, and then afternoon workshop.
25961	Well this week I’ve been working really hard at it. Because before... - It’s been going on longer than a week... - Right. ...but I’ve been working really hard on it for this week... because you normally have another... ...it’s the numbers you see...Right. It’s the numbers you have to find out. Am I right in thinking you normally do a different job? Yeah I have a small business with my sister selling pottery - I am a potter.
26021	That's the so I guess the equivalent of if nobody's going to use chemical weapons then what can you do within those options? People feel trapped when they feel that none of their options are okay. Then you're trapped. So the question is how can we make the options available to you okay? And then in that you actually probably could see more good in each of them than is apparent right now. You know, I'd like to know more about what you're thinking but I'm going to need to wait two weeks to
26035	And so it's... now it's convenient again, so you want to take them back. Well, great. That's not... that's not now we do things. I think that's... I think that's right. So in a practical sense I'm not sure how to have the conversation, because clearly I'm pretty frustrated or upset. And on one level it's not particularly kind to start into a conversation that... where I have a whole lot of pent-up frustrations. And on the other hand it's not particularly clear that she can handle a conversation where I am very frustrated. I think she probably can. But...
26041	you get up to two hundred and eleven, and then two hundred and twelve, and two hundred and thirteen. And now what you're saying to yourself, "I put in two hundred and thirteen applications and not a single one of them has come to fruition." So it can feel more hopeless. But if you know in the back of your mind that one in three hundred you'll get a job offer, the less you, if you start veering off right now
26053	as far as sort of the dilemma that you're in, which is on the one hand to be inclined to say things like, maybe not in an existential sense, but in other senses know some of why things are like this now and some of what's making you feel so, so bad. Yeah. Yeah. And some of how when particular sorts of things happen they affect you in pretty ways.
26054	no empathy, really a whole lot, it would maybe last for like two or three minutes and I would get that empathy for two or three minutes like "Oh, wow, you really do understand," and then it was just like "You're going to be fine," like quickly let's just move on. I
26092	Maybe that’s true somewhere, but I don’t think that’s the point at the end of the day. I think the point at the end of the day is that Tanya can’t take care of herself or can’t always take care of herself. I’ve certainly become frustrated talking about it. I’m not sure if I articulated why I’m frustrated but… Well let me make a running analogy which may not be helpful to you so,
26095	I feel like sometimes when I talk about stuff, I really want you to say something about it or speak from experience, but I don’t really feel like that’s the case right now. Sometimes it is true because I do think there are times that it can be helpful to have one formal given diagnosis or informally something about, depending on what the dynamics are, having the sense of part of what you’re is that there are ways that people sort of hide behind that or use it to move away from what their experience actually is.
26121	The distance just adds some extra logistical dimension to it or something. It makes it I don't know. I guess it makes it so everything has to be planned somehow. I'm not sure.
26151	No, not really. It's like I did some work this morning. Taking a shower I don't know why I just always feel is a chore; but I had to take one today. After two weeks, I've got to take a shower. I need a haircut. I should have gotten one today. I always buy Supercuts. Do you go to Supercuts? You get the $100 haircut. It's $50, I think. It's gone up.
26193	I've been having the sunlamp and using it, especially because Sydney had gotten me a little mini orchid plant because I had seen them in the grocery store and thought they were so cool. He had gone grocery shopping a few days later, so the mini orchid, because of that it's like it needs to have partial sunlight and we have it in the middle of the room and not in the window, so we used the sunlamp. I also have it when I'm dying wool, so that ends up being at least sunlight.
26197	So are there ways that you can sneak in maybe a little bit more activity into the day? It sounds like you've made some healthy changes with regard to what you're eating and the other way to burn calories is to find activity that you can sneak into your day. Even though it's really hot,
26239	Yeah, I’m up to my I mean I’m perfectly aware that at the end of the day, I can keep you from killing yourself; you know that? I also know that you don’t often want to with the intensity, or with as much as yourself, or something like that. Yeah. I also know that you might feel better in a few hours, or not this bad. Yeah. I’m counting on it. Yeah,
26248	Yeah, the... More than in a way kind of coming from you. Yeah. Could you hospital? Yeah. Uh huh. Do you wish I was asking you questions or things like that? No. I mean that's not what you do. Uh huh. Uh huh. There are times I
26251	that was second semester. I made dean's list first semester, I was getting straight As second semester. It felt good to be getting good grades and it was just, I don't know, cocaine was everywhere at my school. A lot of people did it and a lot of people did it to concentrate. A lot of the frat boys would take it to write their papers, and I remember people would be snorting at the library.
26273	I can't get... So maybe one of the things would be helpful is for me to talk to her again to clarify a little bit more, even you're adding these bullet points of things that are happening. To make sure she hears that loudly and clearly about just what continues to be going on. Things like the soap, that's minor in the grand scheme of things, like that would be the kind of thing I'd say to you "See if you can..." It doesn't matter.
26286	That will help a little bit, I think. Last time I did move it actually did only take me a day to pack. I had a lot less stuff then than I have now, I think. It will probably take more time. Yeah. If all that stuff like yarn shouldn't take that long. I don't see what else would be so big, other than all the yarn from my store, and all that yarn is in big bins in the basement. That's pretty much packed up. So that can just move the way it is. Yeah. And I guess the dyes
26290	Usually people feel an effect in about 20 minutes. Okay. Yeah that didn't happen last night. And usually a panic attack is over with in 20 minutes. Typically. Yes. Which also didn't happen last night. Or any night. So - It's been a really rough couple of weeks. Yeah. What's been going on with Sydney? How's he been doing the past few weeks?
26304	Not only are they not ruined, they’re probably not very damaged, and at this point. Things are still... likely to be very salvageable. That’s, you know, some line like that is sufficient to get back into the space where I can, where I have sufficient agency to do things, so...
26305	It sounds like one of the part of what makes it so hard is not just individually what you're facing but that up until all of this stuff existed in your world you were able to believe this illusion that things were under your control because you hadn't yet come up against something that you couldn't control. Right. And I don't think that it's that you've actually lost an ability to control everything. I think it's that now there's stuff that's not controllable.
26315	So I don’t want to talk to you anymore. I’ve had enough of you and I’ve had enough of being here. I want to talk to somebody else. I want to talk to the boss. I want to talk to your boss... - Right.. Where’s your boss? Audrey, I am the boss, I’m a consultant...you see.... Well you’re a shit boss and I want to talk to somebody else, there must be somebody else I can talk to? There isn’t Audrey.
26359	always just quit her job right now. It’s not okay to quit children. It’s just not okay.
26362	So I had a real slop day yesterday. Just stayed in my PJs and slept on the couch and watched the inauguration all day. And I went out to get Chinese food, which I threw up this morning. Oh no. Nice, yeah. Which is probably a good thing, because I ate too much. That's a pretty delayed throwing up. I mean, I know you, like,
26392	Like we had to go to Sydney's house to get some packages that he had gotten and so we went to the store on the way there. Then, you know, and he was driving there to the store and then to his place but then on the way back he asked if I could drive because he's not really good with night driving and he was really, really tired and I was like 'okay, well, you're really, really tired and I'm just panicking.' And I drove home. And managed to drive home without hitting anyone or doing anything unsafe and parked the car, all while panicking. That's unusual. Yeah.
26404	That feels It doesn't feel good. Don't get me wrong. It doesn't feel good, but it feels very different - Yeah. from like the polar opposite. Like less ambition, less education, less drive, less work ethic. Mm. Not passionate about it. Yeah. In a way then, with your father, that's what you were used to sort of getting to feel good about with his, at least - Right.
26406	for the thing that's going to go wrong in your own body. I think you have that relationally, too. In your relationship with your mother before your father's death. She looks at the picture and says, "Oh, she's beautiful." And then, "Oh, but she has a big mouth." It's like there it is. There's the bad thing coming in the relationship. There's the dagger that you could be waiting for with Kelly or else be waiting to dole out to Kelly because
26414	That is no, because I'm you know how you don't always realize exactly what you're thinking when you're thinking it, because we're talking at the same time? Maybe if I were sitting in a room, meditating by myself, I would know what the thought was, but when I'm talking to you, it is
26432	Yeah, they'll say things like that. Sometimes they'll be like, ‘okay it's play time, everyone do handstands.' And it's important to not that you not go to that.' He ends up feeling bad about himself every time. And it can't be heated or he'll like start getting nauseous. He also has trouble kind of like when I do,
26523	There's a reason I'm not there all the time. I was there on Friday to get some errand stuff done. I think we're going there tonight so I can be there because I have to book tomorrow morning and, obviously, my address is still my place and so I need to get down there to move before work. I think what we'll do is have dinner before we go there. That solves tonight, but that doesn't solve the rest of the week. He might have time, in theory, to go to shop at Hamden or something like that, but I'm the one who has the car when I'm at work. That makes things harder, too. I guess he could take the T, in theory, and get there and get back;
26604	" and I feel it now starting to trickle into other aspects of my life to the point where I feel like there's a part of me that feels "
26631	He gives up coffee every time he has one of these things happen for a little while Which is good. and so I thought he might want to go out and have coffee with me the other day and like he could get tea or something and he wouldn't go out to the coffee shop. I don't know, you can't take that away from us. We'll have nothing left to do. Do you worry about having nothing left to do? No, we do have a lot of fun together just hanging out but it becomes a problem after a week because of his problem.
26664	I really try to keep them bottled up and not expose him to it but I don't know. I've been kind of having this shaky edge on my self-control the last week or so. Anyway, I told him I was feeling really bad and I was really upset about the whole insomnia situation and that it's not getting any better. I have so much trouble getting to sleep, staying asleep... I know you mentioned it, but we hardly talked about it. Can you tell me a little more about what happens?
26665	Well this is, this is the work I’ve been doing.... and it’s really important and it’s my cure for world hunger. That’s what it is you know, it’s all written down here.... well it’s not written down it’s here, it’s at home, in my books at home. Right.
26671	Yeah. Yeah. No, it's like Now I just get to be anxious. Hooray. I read an article a friend of mine writes about he basically writes about culture for a lot of little magazines and I did his thesis and he's a very good writer. He'll be like, "I wrote this," and I'll read it. He wrote about a show that I've never seen, Girls, which apparently is a big show,
26698	And now it's Easter, so that's basically all we're going to be talking about for the next six weeks the suffering God, basically the theology of suffering. Because of the crucifixion? Yes, yes. If you believe Jesus is God, what does it mean to have a God who suffers with you, et cetera. That turns into you. There are a lot of really terrible theologians out there. Okay.
26708	you seem to sort of feel a bit more anxious, and upset, and a little pressure even when you came in, knowing that you were going to tell me about what just happened. And, I think in a way relieved that or less fear than you often are, that what you were saying was going to either, you know, hurt me or that I was going to respond in a way that was kind of using it in some way to hurt you.
26725	sleep is a much better option than death. And it’s even a better option than worrying about it. I know that you’ve always told me that when you have those thoughts that you’re not thinking about actually following through on them. Rather than engaging in that cycle of thought for five minutes, if it’s not night time, take a nap. That’s better than…it’s better than engaging in a cycle of destructive thought. And maybe it will be better when you wake up, or maybe one of those other techniques can work and you can get some control over it. And I would try those first.
26732	Could you see why James is upset? I mean I sort of see it clearly enough that I can’t push past it to get to how I’m upset. But I don’t know what to do about that. Well it kind of struck me is that there’s really no room for both of you to be upset, somehow. In other words, I mean I think this is a very sort of
26754	I don't know I'm just really... Well I think that could be one of the things that for you right now is most anxiety provoking about not only finding the note but then to discover in the whole system of your life, your shared life with Ivan that neither of you has a set of parents or even a single parent who you can turn to for some guidance and support through all this and that's devastating. Maybe...so my sister said
26811	So the easy tendency you have, if you let yourself, is to be distracted...to shift focus .... Yes. So just watch it. OK. Just watch it. It perhaps is partly contributed to because you are very bright. You do get stimulated when you're encouraged. Your enthusiasm flares, and you'll hop from disputing to asking about, "Is this good for intelligent people?" ...before you have completed the disputing!
26830	I can still accept myself, unconditionally. ....I can I can still accept myself despite not being a perfect human, and there is no such thing. What was that last thing you said? And there is no such thing. Good to hear you say that ! Right. It is really scary to do this kind of stuff, though.
26838	will need to sort of help you weather these more difficult periods. You know getting some satisfaction that you are adhering to that. In other words this shouldn’t only be a reason not to leave, it should be a something that sustained you while you stay. Hmm. Yes that I hadn’t thought about.
26845	Okay now "Cherchez le should" look for the "should's" and the "must's." So start again. OK, OK. I should... Start again. OK, I got you. All right. I shouldn't be feeling this way. I should be feeling better. I should be able to go to the gym. I should be happier. I should be braver about the situation of what has occurred.
26859	Certainly her mood has not been as dire as it has been in most of the hospitalization circumstances because it's obvious when her mood is that bad. Yeah, I think discouraged is right. I don't have a very clear sense of "here's a strategy that will win out in the end." Just keep doing this. I'll come here. She's see Josh.
26860	And it’s these friends of mine, Emma and Damien, who ... their house is borderline hoarder house and it makes me super stressed. Partially there’s stuff piled everywhere and there’s really not places to sit. And it reminds me of an ex who had very similar, piles and piles and piles and piles of stuff.
26876	I don't like being out of I like being in control. I like feeling like I know what's going on and I can control what's going on. I felt really out of control that day, like I couldn't stop what was happening. How long had you done coke for, before that day? A year, about a year. Not every day. Mostly a couple times a week, when we would go out, because that was the year I wasn't drinking, so to me it was my substitute. Were you drinking a lot before you started doing coke?
26877	Plus it's a rainy day. That's true, but for the most part, being up and being out of the house you're getting enough of that during this time of year that that probably wouldn't make a difference. You're getting enough to be adequate just because you're up and out and you're in a car that has lots of windows. Yes, on a very gray, overcast day you might not; but for the most part, in summer most people don't have mood effects in the spring and summer due to lack of light.
26889	these aren’t side effects, they’re part of what’s affecting you. It sounds like the sort of thing it’s supposed to be helping with, and then the other stuff, it would help more with, or whatever, didn’t get in the way... I mean I know you’re having a hard time, it’s not like I’m I’m not intending to just blame everything on the medicine, but in that your reaction to this was so different.
26946	Where do you want to start today? I'm not sure. Like things are getting better with Sydney. Like when we talked after the fight. So I think the problem I guess is my tone of voice when I'm mad at him. And... Because like when we get into an argument, you know, and he says I'm yelling at him. I'm like, "I'm not yelling." He's like, "Well you sound really upset." Yeah. And I'm like, "I am really upset." Like... I mean, I guess the solution then is to figure out how to fix my tone of voice
26965	Yeah. Then I wasn't even feeling sad. I had to dye . . . You felt good enough to be productive and dye the wool. I had to dye one thing, but then I decided to dye four skeins of yarn while I was at it. That was even when I was feeling good. Things that I normally wouldn't forget. Right. That's something easily distracted. You mentioned having thoughts of selfharm. Can you describe the thoughts for me?
26968	They all love her a lot and have for years now. It's hard. We talked some months ago I was talking with them a lot, but what am I supposed to tell them and not tell them? At some point I just don't need to tell in some sense I need not to tell them that she once tried to kill herself. You didn't tell me that either. Well . . . It takes me a while to trust people. I don't know.
26998	If there's a weekend or something, or if I'm by myself, I'll eat. Even if I'm eating a salad, like I'll sit down, I'll turn something on the TV, I'll eat my salad or whatever I'm eating, and then when the food's done, then I turn the TV off and I go back to work or something like that. Mm-hmm. I still kind of have that part of the habit, you know? But...
27001	It's not very well organized. I think it's my brain chemistry. That seems like the only logical explanation. That's the only thing that would be possible for me to be this out of proportion upset to things that are stressing me out. And you feel like you have absolutely no control over that? Yeah, maybe I could take a little more Klonopin, but I don't think it's going to be enough to have any lasting effect.
27057	Hi, I’m one of the psychiatrists who work here in the Department of Psychological Medicine and I’m seeing you today because you were referred up from the emergency room. I understand that you were brought in by ambulance last night after cutting your arms and overdosing on Tylenol. It looks like you are bandaged up. Are you still feeling suicidal today? I never was. I need to get out of here. I need to see Carl. Is Carl your boyfriend?  Yeah. How long have you been together?
27058	I'm serious. I don't know. What did it look like to you? I don't know. I don't know. One of the reasons I asked is because I'm just really trying to kind of focus in and be very kind of attentive to all of this. Had you had that feeling before in your belly or stomach? It seems like have you had that feeling before? Is it usually associated with crying?
27089	I am busy and not concerned about happiness. I need to train and I am tired of everyone nagging me about what I eat and how much I exercise. I am the smartest in my class and one of the best runners on the team. I don’t have time for all of this. I am only here to keep my mom off my back.
27098	There's that but there's also the, uh, things might be changing somewhat but it's not fast enough, it's not this enough, it's not enough. Mm. And it doesn't meet up where my expectations It doesn't meet up where I thought things would be, so what if it doesn't continue to progress. Or what if it doesn't progress at a rapid enough rate? What if it And it snowballs a bit. Mm hm.
27112	Does that sound like a temporary plan? I guess. It's my spring break so I'm home unless I spend my days I mean I could go to the library every day but... And he's at work? He now, as of this morning, has a schedule for the next couple days. Okay. So you'll have some time then apart and the evenings together? Hopefully.
27144	She's worried he's got — you know, his cubby is a mess. He's got food and he leaves stuff there. Every six-year-old boy whose cubby — He leaves stuff. — is a mess and who leaves stuff, this is what I'm concerned about. If every sixyear-old boy whose cubby was a mess, who lost stuff, who didn't follow their parents' directions, who didn't follow through with things, was diagnosed with ADHD then there would probably be three six-year-old boys and two of them who were asleep who did not meet the criteria for ADHD.
27164	It's always a roll of the dice when you go to Supercuts. You never know who you're going to get. Shockingly, my hair is not easy to cut. They're afraid of me being bald and then on the top if it's too short, it sticks straight up. I'm like, "Just cut it short. It will grow back." It saves me money because it's the less I have to get my hair cut. Cut it short and I'll let it grow long. I go like four times a year.
27172	You're going to have to give up some civil liberties. So when it was all over it did feel good. I went out with people thanking cops and that felt pretty amazing. They were doing all these sweeps. They came to our house several times. One of the times on Friday before they'd caught this guy,
27240	Those are good ideas, yeah. On a really hot day like today even walking around outside for a bit, but you can also find ways in an air conditioned building take the stairs, things like that, so that you don't feel like you're uncomfortable out in the heat but you can still find ways to walk indoors where it might be air conditioned. It sounds like you're being more aware. Keep plugging away at it. I haven't even looked at the scale in a week or two and I don't even know if I want to look at it.
27262	of is it very well could." It's not like we don't know where they are at all, but then it's like what are the chances they're going to end up at my house? But when literally there's a major event, cluster fuck, clearly it could happen. It's here. He's going to end up in someone's yard or house. Exactly. Exactly.
27269	Then you actually get this loving care which you need, and yet it's in this place that leaves you with kind of rocky feelings about it because it's actually not where it should be coming from, even more so. Yeah. And I feel bad because she's not telling me about her bad days. Emma is not a complainer but she's not, like nothing. And that doesn't feel like a two way street because it's not so much all the time. Mm hm.
27285	But that, maybe that’s a good description, because that’s also somewhat true emotionally, so... The couple of times we’ve sat largely in silence for periods of time. You... suggested during one of those that you thought it was very important to give people space, that’s just a thing that was missing from our culture more generally... So, years ago, I used to be able to like, look at a person and think while I was doing it.
27305	There can be. I mean a kid who’s heard that 300 times before, which is probably about the number there’ve going to have heard it most of time, like from a parent. You know, you can say that, and they’re like, okay. I mean you know, neither really work out or something, but you can say that.
27340	I, you don’t have to think about anything. I was... that particular formulation of the question supposes an answer, and so, but I really meant what do you do. Do you think about other things as a, you know, anything or... because there is a real sense in which like, I am engaged in something else. I have no idea what you’re doing.
27350	The problem I have is that now I have basically a month of waiting because I've applied to all of the positions. There aren't going to be very many positions being posted because most schools do their contract renewals somewhere around spring break or earlier, like in February or early March, and so they post new openings in February or March. I see. You applied for . . ?
27351	So that, doing that would be one way maybe if there is two that are interesting, maybe if you had some sort of incentive and reward for yourself you might be more likely to do it. Maybe. I don't know. So you see... You're having some of the same behavior that your boyfriend is having for different things. But my behavior affects him a lot less than his affects me. That is true. And I'm applying to one job per week. Yes. That is true. And I don't see...
27362	Yeah, it’s not constant, it’s just that it’s kind of like, well, you know, it’s comforting to　have the concept of it more than anything. And also, like, walking around a lot, blah blah blah.　I don’t know if I really could say for a while. Yeah.
27368	Your baby was removed and taken to foster care after the ambulance responded to your home last night. Can you tell me about the other three children? They took them from me. Nobody cares. Who the hell do they think they are? I hate you all! My kids need me. I wish Carl would come and get me from this place. Oh, screw him. What about your family? Can they help with the kids? Mom died when I was four and dad is a drunk no good SOB. What do they care?
27375	than not knowing that, you know, they also deal with this. And you're not alone somehow. Yeah. That I didn't somehow just end up this way, that nobody else did. Mm-hmm. That seems like quite new information. Yeah. I never knew. I never really knew that they yeah. No, it's definitely really new information for me. Because you were saying last week, you don't think your dad has ever gotten treatment, because that's kind of who he is.
27417	or I feel like there's nothing that we're going to do today that's any different from the last time we did exactly the same day, and nothing's changed. So Realistically, I think she's coping with it better in the sense that if the claim is true, she's been off and on suicidal for several months without being hospitalized so that's probably good.
27422	psychosomatic after your father's death. All the fears about Now me, am I having a heart attack? Am I getting cancer?" That's a form of hyper-vigilant waiting
27439	keeping those thoughts in mind can speed up the process of it going away because it’s the anxious worried thoughts that keep you tight and anxious and worried. Some good distraction techniques – sometimes hopping into a warm shower if you can, you know, if you’re at home and you can do that. You can try it if you have a heating pad, you can try putting a heating pad on your chest to relax the area.
27472	I just wipe my phone down with bleached wipes every time I come into my office. I also wipe the door knob or avoid it. I don’t know if anyone at work knows the extent of my compulsions. I think my secretary knows because she has worked or me for the past ten years, since I started. How many kids do you have and what are the ages?
27489	Yes, I can see that too. Although even just in literature, by the time you’re a post - doc, you’d think you couldn’t get away with purely looking at the internal structure of the books you’re reading, or something like that, but I don’t really know. It was just so... and part of me is like, I don’t know, maybe she’s dumbing it down for the audience, or like, partially it just seems baffling. What I am wondering about, and the answer to this might just be no,
27492	Right. But you're probably right, aren't you? I mean, they probably should. Yeah, it never hurts.
27501	That. Sort of that thing. I don’t know how to articulate it better than that. But there’s a sense of like scope and depth to it sort of like. We talk about we can’t talk about many things and it doesn’t have to stay shallow in any particular way. There aren’t like intense moments of danger of some kind in the conversation. And so with Tanya that feels like moments of danger?
27536	and I want to make sure I’m correct that you really don’t want to go to the hospital. Part of me does, because it’s hard to have to keep the fight and not kill myself. Yeah. And part of me; most of me doesn’t, because it’s a pain in the ass, and it doesn’t seem I feel like I got to the same place that I started out in. I the option.
27541	Sitting here looking for a good segue. Another thing that I’ve been anxious about is sort of where we left things last week. That’s been less pressing in the last several days because I’ve been much more anxious about these other things; certain things have been on my mind also.
27554	so I, I, I just call him Sir. You call him Sir? He likes to be called Sir, yeah. Ok, and what kind of things, when he’s talking to you, what kind of things does he say to you? He tells me I’m fantastic... - You know, how great I am for doing this... - Uhuh....and getting stuck into this and keeping at it and that I should show it to people, and that’s what, that’s what I do, I come out and I show it to people. There’s some stuff...
27558	So it's not surprising if you're so hard on yourself and then not comfortably unconditionally accepting yourself, that it would be quite easy to find it difficult to receive unconditional acceptance from another when you're not being Ms. Perky, cheerful, happy, bright Jessa? Exactly. In your assessment? I haven't heard from you that she's complaining...
27560	But then we had the conversation where she asked me directly if we were okay, so I sort of put it out there anyway because there is a sense in which that, in itself, is an act of trust. For me trust is, in part, built by trusting a little more than might be reasonable and seeing what happens. You can build a considerable amount of trust in that way, but in smaller risk steps. I think it's too soon to tell whether she actually can or not, but she could in that moment acknowledge that,
27581	And then you do detective work. So then what happens? What is the next step after doing what you've just done and done very well a few minutes ago in finding the "shoulds"? Is it clear to you, when you describe or observe something, that thing itself is not what is getting you in trouble? "My friends can go to the gym." Is it clear that fact or thought is not what causes the depression?
27626	Yeah, Josh when he had the procedure done, before and after, he is so anxious. I mean he stares at the monitor just waiting for his heart to go to rhythm which is reasonable because sometimes it does. You know, he wouldn't eat anything after he got his last procedure done just in case he went out of rhythm so that he could do it again, just in case. And this can't be the For how long did he do that? I mean they keep him there for like an hour or so. That can't be good for your recovery or anything. I keep teasing him about how we both should go to meditation
27649	Yeah. You know. And it sounds like you're having that experience with medicine or anything that's you know, what you think of as foreign in your body or potentially poison. It sounds like a traumatic reaction. And I mean, eating definitely does give me a bit of anxiety, but not in the same way that medicine does. So it's not like when I'm eating that I think something bad is going to happen, but just knowing. Becausee
27655	There's not really much I can do about having enough time in the evenings. I guess if I could cook things on Sunday or Monday. It would take a bunch of work but I could, at least intheory, make a few quiches and then have the few quiches be my lunches for that week and possibly also dinners. So I could, in theory, cook things ahead of time and that would make that part easier. I usually still in the morning getting breakfast together slows me down, like even if I'm eating it in the car. If I put cream cheese on the rice cakes the night before then they'll get all sad.
27657	though, him learning to skate, falling all over the place, those little kids. He hasn't been signed up yet, so I'm anxious about that. I've got to sign him up and then we bring the check. Where is it? You know where YMCA is? There's a rink two blocks from the house. He's already been to the fire house, but... Can't take too many trips to the fire house. I guess not.
27688	Okay. That seems like it would be a good thing too. Yeah. She said, apparently, ECT will just like keep treating me, so I'm going to have to tell them to stop eventually. I don't know. Still really sad. Oh well. Glad to be back. I don't know. My psychiatrist in the hospital lives in next to me. Is it a different one than the last time?
27702	I guess a main reason I wonder about it is difficulties with attention and even organization can relate to depression and anxiety as well. You know, if somebody is depressed they have a lot more trouble focusing oftentimes, and so with paying attention and following through, they tend to be a little less organized and just generally less on top of things. It can be difficult to differentiate which is which. I guess the primary way of doing that would be — there are a few ways to think about it.
27791	And I’m not sure what... you know, that’s certainly not one thing. It’s maybe to some extent unknowable, but it’s still interesting what creates those shifts. I think, I think there is a difference in... I mean like, I don’t have an answer, but... I feel like a large part of what we’re doing here is struggling to interpret or understand what’s going on in my life or me.
27805	Good morning. Good morning.I am at a loss as to what to talk about again although I think in a better way this week. In general, I feel better this week than I have for the last couple of weeks. That is a good thing. The causes are not immediately obvious but I think some of it is feeling like I have been telling people that I'm upset and trying to deal with that in a, I guess, direct fashion. I don't know
27826	I find this happening so much that I am late for my job. In the morning on my way to work I have had to turn around and drive home to see if I remembered to turn off the coffee pot. This is embarrassing because I know what I am doing but I can’t stop it. What do you feel will happen if you do not do these things over and over?
27879	So I'm wondering how much of what you felt this past week is fueled by having your timeline laid out for you.
27883	Totally. I hear you. That's what you're saying, "These are the things I keep trying to tell myself." That's part of what you're doing. Yeah, like you said, I'm just kind of waiting to feel those things instead of telling myself those things. Even being interested in what your experience is of this instead of judging it. Right. I'm trying not to be so hard on myself.
27896	I feel like I know which of those you would fall on, but . . . You mean . . ? Your approach tends to be like I don’t think that matters all that much. It’s funny talking with people in the hospital. People get very attached to their diagnoses. I think I only notice that because I don’t have one in the same way. I don’t think I’m really expecting you to weigh in on this much.
28030	so that was has disappeared. It's hard to have that gone. And the day we took her to the airport we took her at like 5 in the morning and we didn't get much sleep and I figured I'd just get, you know, have a day it started really early and I was destroyed all day. I don't know if it was the exhaustion
28031	We may not be able to prevent every symptom or every episode of depression. Our goal is to reduce the frequency and alleviate some of the intensity that you feel. It's just really hard when I get to the point of wanting to hurt myself. It's not hard to prevent myself from hurting myself, but it's hard to . . .
28104	he's going to die anyway, just do it. It was a fucking . . . it was just . . . you know. I don't know. From the starting point of hearing the noises and then seeing them, I would think that alone is . . . Oh, yeah. Just like the sounds were so loud. It was clearly . . . there was no confusing . . . I mean it was surreal. It was surreal. Suddenly it sounded like there was a war going on.
28137	It’s not, I mean, yeah, my husband’s getting really fed up with it, to be honest doctor. He’s been really, really kind and really supportive but I think it’s starting to affect his life quite a lot now.
28148	I haven't really experimented with . . . I've at least figured out that if I'm going to cut up vegetables it's better to do that at work and take a longer lunch than to have that . . . That chore in the morning. Well not just that, but if I do it before I leave, 15 minutes will make a huge difference in the commute, so I've started doing that at work. That feels a lot better for me.
28185	So this is not a question to evade that question. But I am curious about this. Do you think about that in other situations as well, when you’re with other people? Or is it just that we tend not to be, we’re not exactly interactive in a way, at those moments, and that’s what makes you curious,
28244	Yeah, it is, yeah. I hope that things are continuing to improve very slowly. It sounds like they are. Are there other things we should catch up on because I do want to make time to do some relaxation? And so I'm conscious of saving time for it today. That's good. So let's do good long breathing practice and some relaxation. Let's do co-pay before we get relaxed to break your mood by looking for checks or money.
28311	or that Tanya can’t talk about. Those feel dangerous to me because I don’t trust Tanya to handle her emotions. So I guess I don’t have trust that it’s going to be okay or that like. So we’re taking and I mean Candace and I were talking and you know she was essentially asking how I was doing in all this. She was here last year while Tanya was doing the ACTs so like I don’t know, that was I think a very hard time for her, yes.
28343	Yes. You’re very purposive in what you do. And that, in some ways, that has been very clear. So you’re sort of saying, “Yes of course, and it’s in this particular fashion.” Yeah, I mean, that’s also reassuring. But... I guess I was sort of sitting here, wondering why you would say that, but you’ve just answered. But I’m also... wondering
28350	is, are you doing that thing at all where when somebody pisses you off, you tend to be a little more critical, you know what I mean? I’m thinking of that story, the Cambridge Business Review story? I’m not sure at all that’s what’s going on, but it did cross my mind to ask. I don’t know. It’s not that I don’t believe she could be that bad. I just ...
28400	it was going to be before I started feeling embarrassed and guilty. So I think that's what happened in Geneva, like the more food I brought back to my little studio, the longer I'd occupy myself eating it, the longer I could have that period of happiness, before I felt like oh, God, I can't believe I just did that again.
28426	Oh, my goodness. This was at night, you mean? This was Thursday after they killed that cop and got chased into Cheshire. I don't know. It's going to take some time. And then what was it 20 hours? I don't know. It's hard to put into words that kind of terror because at that point you're like, "Well, this guy has nothing. Obviously he knows it's over." They didn't care about dying or killing other people so
28430	Sometimes when you're packing up you have to erase some stuff. Yeah, so I think if I had to do that it wouldn't be a big deal. I think it's just the fact that my room isn't well organized is probably what's making it seem like such a big deal. If I can just put things into bins and contain them, then maybe it wouldn't feel so bad. So is there a project you could do on a day that you're home this week that would help you to feel more organized or more prepared? Maybe. There's a smaller bin that
28434	I go check on them after my heart slows and my shaking quits from the nightmare. Can you talk about the nightmares? Are they the same or different? They are mostly the same. Someone is in the house chasing me and I need to save my family before he gets to them and kills us all. They are dark dreams. I don’t share with anyone outside of counseling.
28438	She completely blew that off and redirected the conversation to talking about my dad and why he is the way he is kind of arm-chair diagnosing him from a distance, which I certainly don't have enough insight into what's going on to provide enough symptoms for... That's certainly not useful or a shrink's style to diagnose anybody that you haven't met with. Right. Maybe he does have PTSD. That's quite likely given his history, but there is nothing I can do about that
28443	That felt good. I need to go to the grocery store and get stuff for so we can have those on the days that I'm not having work. Sydney apparently is losing weight now just by eating I don't even know what he did, but he was like, "Oh, I lost a few pounds." I'm worried that I can't do the same thing. I don't know what it is, other than I guess he was doing a lot more overeating than I was when he was super depressed and now that I guess that isn't true, it's actually working. He's feeling less depressed and will order less ridiculous things for one meal. It's not a competition between you and Sydney.
28457	You know, there's no there's not distinct categories that's a continuum which makes it more complicated. It's like on one level you're not wanting to express yourself in the heat of the moment for fear of hurting Tanya, it all sounds reasonable enough, but there is more complexity to it than that. Does that always have to be the case? And if it does have to be the case right now, for how long does it have to be the case Because I don't know that it's really a sustainable thing for years. I'm not even sure that's really a relationship again.
28460	"Just stop going to Facebook. Stop looking at like deliberately torture yourself." Like, "Ooh, I'll start Facebook in the morning so I can feel bad all day." But he's right about that. Then I'm like, "But I have to develop those impulses." And so I can be emotionally strong and look at things objectively. And he's like, "Well, until you do that, you shouldn't." I don't know.
28462	It's almost like you don't realize how mean that is. Mm hm. You're just used to that being the running threat almost. It feels necessary for me to feel bad about it. Hm. Just like when I got the gift card it felt necessary, it felt absolutely necessary, for me to feel bad. To say, "I hate myself," ? Like why is it necessary to feel bad when someone gives you a gift? I always do. Hm.
28591	And then as you let yourself get more comfortable let yourself extend your breath so that you're taking slightly longer, fuller inhales and exhales.  Today I want to try something called timed breathing. You're going to work to your own time. What you're going to do is as you inhale do a regular inhale and just count to four as you do it.
28605	How many times are you checking the locks on the doors and windows? I check everything before I leave for work, when I come home from work and before bed and waking in the morning. If I check three times, then it feels right. I feel relief if I check and count three times. How about your sleeping habits? Have you had any trouble with sleep?
28673	I see. I guess something related that I like about Vanessa is the spoon metaphor. I’m sorry, Lucy’s spoon metaphor, is the garbage disposal doesn’t digest spoons; it just mangles them. Yeah. And there’s that kind of feeling what you’re describing like, Vanessa and Yvonne seem kind of mangled, like they’re not – this stuff is just racking them. Yeah.
28684	Yeah, I think it's comforting to have the problem understood thoroughly and the long-range answer to it described in careful detail. You're not painting rosy pictures in any sense but other pictures where things are okay and they'll descriptions were how to get there in a long term scale sense, I think. How does that make me feel? So then I can sort of dwell on what it might look like to go along the path you know,
28693	it includes being quote "somewhat motherly" if we're going to use that as the stereotype of what does it mean to say to someone, "How was your day? How's that going?" You know, "How was the interview. Oh, have you done this. Oh, how are you feeling? You were sick yesterday." The kind of following up on. Mm hm.
28713	I feel like the same thing is going on in both circumstances. In a sense I am protecting my mother and I am protecting Tanya. In the case of Tanya wanting to kill herself I'm not protecting Tanya as much because I don't think there's that much more conveyed about her state, in some way, but the impact on my mother or whomever would be greater with more details.
28758	I don’t know. I know I got asked to this. I don’t know. I don’t know. I told my mom, even though I’m sure my brother would hate that, what’s going on. And I don’t really—I don’t understand or get what my brother has against my parents, other than—I don’t know. I don’t understand that freeze-out or whatever he was doing. I don’t know. I don’t know. He’s just blaming them for his situation, but I’m not quite sure.
28782	Yeah. That has to do with there's some amount of trust I put in you because this is your job. But I think I've mentioned before that I don't trust that many people to do their jobs very well. Yes, and you've been under whelmed by how some people are doing their jobs. Absolutely. So that's why I said change that because it's not like just you having this job makes me trust you.
28825	Cool. CLIENT: Unfortunately we've got to wait until May. The fundraising that they do, they used to subsidize these things so instead of it being $55 a person, it was only $30 a person. Nice. It's still expensive, but not. Yeah, not too bad. For a weekend to entertain him and have fun. It's an overnight that's not out in the woods where Jess is freaking out about Lyme disease, you know.
28874	Just not listening. Bouncing around, not listening... "Don't bring food in here," and he brings food in here. "Don't bring food in here," and he brings food in here. Up on the couch. Right. So... I don't know why he acts really different with me. Just probably because he's around her enough that he knows her buttons. He hasn't figured out mine yet. Or maybe he fears me. I tickle him.
28883	And so that's been sent in and they've received it. Hopefully, they'll pay for some of it at least. But I had forgotten that that was sent in, that we actually did that, because I can't remember anything. So I just thought I had been ignoring this guy from the ambulance company. And then another message was I actually didn't make it through all of the messages because I was freaking out too much. Yeah, I had to hang up.
28914	She does that some, too, but sometimes she just wants to sit in the stroller and be cranky. She doesn't want anything else. It starts early. I see you're choosing your words carefully. How to respond to that one. I need coffee. I'll just go home and make coffee. It's such a pain, though. Go home, the three or four minutes it takes it takes it awhile.
28935	have the kind of beat yourself up quality that feeling low can have? For you, it’s more like, like I get a sense that you’re indulging yourself a lot, or blaming to yourself, or feeling inadequate; sometimes you’re just feeling awful. Yeah.
29005	Therefore, the "should," the awfulizing, the self-damnation or the damnation of them... I see. You see? Mm-hmm. So that is the detective work. What I've just done is remind you that, when you identify an unhealthy emotion, which you haven't too much in the past said you felt depressed; it was more anxiety, wasn't it? you investigate which thoughts are creating it ... Mm-hmm.
29048	No, no the last part, that I need to talk about something else. I see. Like this is going in a bad place for me personally. Can we move to something else? So modulating somehow or moderating? Yes, yes, yes. Protecting herself also and expressing her needs at a time when they can be met still.
29116	that I... recognize, we talk and... that, in a sense... identifies and tags feelings and particular trends in my feelings. Then I monitor those when they’re happening. That allows me to... continue to experience them as feelings, but also recognize... that’s part of a repeated thing, in some sense. This is... “I feel like things are ruined.” It’s okay. They are not ruined. They...
29150	Yeah. Well, that's what he projects. I know it's funny, I went up to Wellesley Tuesday, to hear a talk, and saw some of my classmates and professors, and I'm not on campus this semester. Obviously, the first thing that everybody notices, t
29160	I don't know. It's like really unfortunate. I just feel so trapped because all I can really do is send out job applications and it's not really doing anything and I'm stuck. Well you can send out job applications which you're doing some. Yes. And you can do the dreaded networking thing. Yeah everytime I try to think it through I can't think of anyone that would be a good person to talk to and that could actually get me a job because I don't necessarily know people
29162	For being a psychic! Stop. Well, you just said to me before even attempting it, that it is going to be challenging! Let's say it is going to be challenging. Then...? OK. Nothing bad is going to happen. Then, maybe it is going to be challenging, but maybe it won't be. All right.
29163	So it sounds like what's really making you feel anxious in moments or parts of the day is when you're kind of predicting the future thinking about having to get to work. Will I have enough time? Will I have time to get this project done? Will I be able to do this thing on my own in the evening? How does it usually turn out?
29203	her own life there in California and it's not really a part of ours and in some ways, you know, I feel lucky for that and then in some ways, I don't want to be like that with my kids. Now that I want them to feel like I'm a burden, but I, I would want more of a closeness. More of them in my life. Especially, as I get, you know, as I'm getting older.
29210	That was just never, I don't know, maybe because I figured out how to soberly succeed academically first semester, that it didn't you know, cocaine for me was after my papers were done, when we were going to the bar. As a recreation. Yeah. And then
29286	yeah. It brought up lots of things, you know? In a way it just shows that life is short. It's more like trying to beat the clock. This shit that I'm juggling and trying to get done, it's just . . . Work-wise it makes sense. In relationships, I think it feels more confusing what this kind of threat, loss, conflict . . . Yeah, in relationships, I don't know.
29294	it’s not entirely his fault, in that the situation has sort of changed, you know. Yeah, absolutely. And where at least in your sense of it, he can’t be upset that, you know, you’re mad at him, and Yeah I imagine that - he was trying to do something he thought was helpful at least consciously,
29305	So I think that I will apply for a post-doc with a couple of people that it seems like I would be relatively happy to work with. There are a few other people I could apply for a post-doc with that I don't think I will. Do you and Tanya talk about this? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mostly in the context of where. Who it would be. I think I told you that I fixed that chapter of my dissertation that was falling apart. Did I mention that? Okay. So that
29342	I’m the psychiatrist here in this department. I came to see you because my GP sent me to see you didn’t he? Yeah, yeah. He said come and see a trick cyclist cos then you’ll be alright. Come and see a...? - A trick cyclist...a psychiatrist? Yeah. He’s not had time to listen to me you see.... Ok. ....cause he’s a GP, he’s a doctor.......
29347	One important piece is that I was trying to do something that was at the edges of what was possible, in terms of like two weeks before that I had nothing formatted for the dissertation, and my papers separately. So I essentially put everything into the dissertation and wrote half of it entirely in the two week period-or two and a half week period, because it took me little longer. So I wouldn't really recommend that either, but that was what I did. And I feel like there's an important question in why did I do that there.
29379	That was different than what we've done before. What was that like for you? Holding my breath for four was a little bit dizzying though, it shouldn't have been. Don't judge it. It is what it is. Yeah, but like I sing. I've had to do holding, you know, using my air for a lot longer than that. It's from sitting down and stuff
29385	It's like I'm pretty good at keeping the focus off of myself and then feel kind of resentful about it, which doesn't help. You're in a difficult situation, where it's hard to be in touch with yourself and hurt at the same time. I don't know. Maybe she was more in touch with you that way or has been consistent in responding. I don't know. It's like we can either have the conversation about me or we can have the conversation about her. It doesn't feel like both can happen in the same conversation. I see.
29401	So eventually she asked if we were okay and so we had a conversation which, after thinking a while about whether I said anything or not, I acknowledged that I was angry that her illness or her actions or some spectrum in there has really hurt me over the last several months and that I just need some time to recover from that. I don't know if I should have had that conversation or not. I wasn't sure while I was having it.
29409	Well, so it's probably not right its probably because you've done, with singing you do breath work whether you're focusing on breath work or not. Right? Yeah. It just happens to be singing. So it's probably the, the dizzy feeling is probably not about the air. But you felt it, so it means something. I guess. So maybe it's just uncomfortable for you. So it's not dangerous.
29424	But then it's depressing because I know this is going to happen again. I'm surprised it doesn't happen more often. That's just very depressing. It's a big country and there are a lot of people, just random, just freaks. Overall I guess I'm okay. I just feel tired. I definitely feel kind of depressed. I don't feel very motivated. I've been feeling a little bit sick to my stomach
29461	Even if we're like watching a TV show or something, the panic's still there. I guess there has to be something where I'm like actually required like because of rehearsal I'm required to do things, you know, I have to sing. I can't just stand there, so - Are there thoughts that trigger the panic? I know once it starts you say you just kind of think, 'I'm panicking, I'm panicking.' But I wonder if you notice what happens just before you notice the panic.
29469	It’s just hard to make all the right choices because it’s so easy to like, you know, just sleep in. Like, you know, even on Monday morning, I had my game; like the alarm went off and we had like more time that we could sleep and I wanted to go back to sleep because I knew that if I stayed up for a certain amount of time, the tightness would come back, and then it did. You know, and sleep seems like the only escape from it. And I can’t sleep all the time. No, you can’t.
29508	Yeah. But that it might come back. So don't get sick. Thank you.
29524	Should I even try to call his mom? I think it would be helpful to you to try to see what happens.
29555	So you never went to the ER?No. I came down from it towards the end of the Red Cross session and decided that I felt okay enough to stay out and that I just wasn't doing any more of that and I wasn't going to drink and I was just going to see my friends. I don't remember really,
29562	I, um, I should've done this earlier. But I guess I feel like I need something, I don't know. This job search is getting depressing - Mm. I'm feeling depressed and down on myself. Mm. I need, I think, an emotional boost or some kind of boost because I'm getting to the point where I'm like, "Why am I even going to look on this job where there isn't going to be anything." Mm.
29569	and that is why I don't really want to do this one, because it it feels like, "Oh, Debbie, actually did know that I was struggling to get across town, and that I wasn't going to call." It almost feels like it is the cover. Like, I'm admitting this, but that it is that I'm not perfect. And I... ...As I should be. Yes. Could you just...?
29584	that should have taken 15 minutes. So bored, frustrated, no panic. When do you feel stressed? When you look back over the week and you say "I still feel stressed," when are you noticing it? I think it's when I get up in the morning and I have to get myself to work; or in the evening when I need to get things done before I go to bed and I'm like, "How will have food for tomorrow or have dinner tonight?"
29627	which I have been doing. But it’s not helping me at all to like spend an hour on phone with someone who is telling me in detail about their suicidal ideations. But you know, this is someone I’ve been friends with for a long time and who I care about.
29680	Not close enough to actually be contemplating making plans. That part's good. Yeah. But close enough to be thinking about it? Yeah. I'm really tired of this particular song and dance. What's that? Fighting off suicidal urges. Tell me about how you're really sick of it.The first time I wanted to kill myself I was eleven. I ate a pack of my parents' cigarettes. It was not a very pleasant plan.
29690	I hear you wanting something that's not going to exist for you. Okay. So we have to work within the limits of what is possible in reality and figure out which option is best for you. Do you hear what I'm saying?  Mm hm. I hear how bad it is Ramona, I did a lot of talking to Dr. Farrow from your eyes so that she understands. It sounds like she doesn't quite understand how bad it is and I try to tell her these kinds of things. Do you tell her all of this?
29768	relate to, but... Now I have the sense that by talking about what we’re doing, I’ve disturbed it. I know that that’s not strictly true, but... You’ve disturbed what we were doing, in talking about it? Like you’ve ruined it somehow? Yeah, it’s a really interesting choice of
29771	He's been doing better other than, we've gotten into a couple of fights the last couple of days like when I've been all panicky and like taking it out on him and I feel bad about doing that and - So you've kind of flip-flopped a little bit. He's been doing a little bit better and he's been doing a little bit worse. Yeah. I mean sometimes he still has problems like doing things like getting out of the house but in general, like he's been doing a lot better than he had been. Do you think there's any connection? Because he's doing better and I'm doing worse? I don't think so.
29781	Because it's sort of like, well, how is that even a question? Do you walk into a room and expect everyone to be interested in you and what you have to say? Hm. Hm. This-yeah, we-I'm realizing we need to stop, and we definitely have to come back to this I think, because it's so important. Okay. We defSo the next few Wednesdays are holidays.
29784	The stairs down to the basement at his place are really, really steep, so if I'm doing laundry at his place it's a lot easier if he carries them down; but I can carry down smaller amounts of things for myself, which I should be able to do if I have to. So I shouldn't actually be dependent on him for laundry and I'm not.
29790	distortion, it does sound, Ramona I've said this before, but just to say again because you often collapse what you're thinking about his job into only, "I must be very snobby if that's not good enough for me." It really sounds like you're saying you are not drawn to him not being passionately, proactively engaged in something. Which is very different than saying, "I just can't be married to someone who is a Subway manager."
29805	I need to be able to give you that feedback and now he would say that's ridiculous. You're overreacting. So, I think he heard that a little bit last night. I also think, you know, he says that my perception is not right. Clearly, his perception is not right. It's like there's no point in trying to. There are times I say okay I'm going to write it down on the calendar. Every day that Harold says he doesn't feel well. Every day that he does this.
29842	How do you link it to coming here and feeling more detached? Because the reason I came was to be more in touch with my feelings and be able to express my feelings. I imagine that's a scary thing for me. So, protections. You're going in the other direction? Yeah. That's what it feels like. How's your picking?
29846	Like if I had a paid internship to offer I would be like, "Here is this internship. It is paid with a stipend with X amount of money," or something. I don't think people are lacking for responses. Right? True. In this job market, the employer or the internship holder is not really at the burden of trying to get people to apply. But they might be trying to get good people to apply. I don't think it's worth your energy to debate it. Yeah.
29910	So that’s your series of questions…not really related to each other. I don’t want to come back to the last two in a moment, but start with the one at which you balked. I balked at one?
29912	No we talked about it for like five minutes and then she's like "Let's move on to where we left off," and I'm like "No, you don't get it, I can't even talk about any of our problems in here because he's going to go write another note or he's going to make another threat or worse he's going to continue finding ways to hide them." She tried to tell him "You need to tell Dr. Bourd about these things. You need to promise that," and he's like "No, I don't want to tell anyone because I shouldn't be feeling this way."
29918	the focus of individual for couple’s therapy is not whether either partner wants to be in the relationship. The goal is to make the relationship the best relationship it can be. Whether one wants to be in the relationship or not is a separate issue. A very important issue but not really the focus of couple’s therapy. It’s kind of like when a personal trainer answered and said I’m not really sure I want to get
29928	What have you been taking for meds? I have the 85mg of Desipramine and my birth control pill, vitamin D, vitamin B complex, and that's only in the morning. In the evening it's the 75mg of Seracol and 25-whatever-it-is mg of Klonopin.
29946	Do you remember when you were on Prozac and what dose? No long time ago. Ok, and what about any family history, does anyone in your family have things like this? No, no it’s just me, it’s really, well they’re not really that clever you know. Who’s not that clever? My family. Your family?
29965	And so like a little bit after it came out, I was over like a family friend’s house, and there were like kids downstairs playing a game. And so I picked it up and played it, and just like could not – like I couldn’t get the character who walked around out of the corner. Like I was just in a corner the entire game. It was like well,
29975	Our families gets into this question of how do I let other people take care of me and how do I take care of them also and not ask them to carry too much? And then how do I balance all of that with what Tanya needs or seems to need at the same time? It's been a very hard optimization problem.
29977	I reread the end of The Affair yesterday. I told my sister that's what I was reading and she said, "Are you sure that's a good book for you to be reading when you're having a bad day?" I've never read that. It's Graham Greene. I've read it before but I've forgotten everything about it. It's about this man who had an affair with this woman. It's set just post-World War II in London.
30015	There was a lot that I didn't like about the treatment plan that she had; but the straw that broke the camel's back was that I had been wanting to kill myself, to the point where I was hording pills and I got scared enough to ask Dave to come and take them and hide them.
30036	And you're actually being your whole self and not just editing and picking and choosing what to say and who to be. She's being her whole self, but this event, in a way, is filling you with a massive amount of terror. Again, that's something
30061	I think the winter is driving me crazy. Just hearing like, you know, when I find out there’s going to be more snow it just makes me so sad and…  Yeah. I can’t deal with winter anymore, but there’s really nothing I, you know… That one’s out of your control. We can find ways to try to make the best of it, but absolutely we can’t control the weather. I mean unless I went on a trip somewhere. That is a way to escape it.
30082	Well, hopefully Ian will go to bed early. Sunday morning I'll probably end up sleeping late. I'll probably be a little hung over. The whole thing just makes me anxious. I don't know if it's just the closing that's making me anxious or if it's just having all of these things to do.I had a week of kind of coming home and just doing
30122	It's really hard, I feel like she doesn't get it, I feel like she blames me, she criticizes me and I feel like she says we need to deal with your anger and resentment and we never talk about Ivan's depression, I feel like she tries to counsel us like we are both...I don't know how to say this. I feel like she tries to counsel us like Ivan isn't depressed and having mood swings and having problems with memory things like that never enters the room I feel. So it's like superfluous because you can't expect the same result. Yeah.
30157	Well I have no access to what these criteria really are, so I have to sense that I have to say the right thing; I have to explain like how I would be a good fit for this position that may or may not exist based on criteria that I have no access to. So I find that nerve wrecking.
30159	like and we just put out these like I mean they were really big. It was like more than I would usually do so early in the day, and before I was about to be driving from Greenwich into the city, which just makes me like sick to my stomach that I did that, that I would think
30182	And it’s virtually impossible for me to do that in a healthy way. Like I just – I get swallowed. Yeah, like you’re just talking about in a way.
30219	He's going to sleep in my bed tonight. He's going to learn to skate tomorrow. It goes through March. That seems like an awful long time to teach kids to skate. I would think at some point they'd give them a stick and a puck and I don't know. So I've got to do that tomorrow. His Cub Scouts are visiting the fire station at 10:00. Neat.
30226	But... So there was a confusion of time in the dream too? No, no, no. Oh, yea. Maybe you're right, yea. In that piece anyway. Yea. Well, yea. I'm not sure what time it was. I just assumed that what that meant was like it's still today. But this guy this actor still looks like what he did when I actually used to have a crush on him as a ten year old or something. I don't know.
30238	don't find that anxiety does that for me. I think what he was saying is that he saw this connection to the anxiety of this character on the show and it spurred him to write that article. Anyway . . . I don't know. I feel like my depression and anxiety just makes me a worse person consistently. Certainly a more selfish person.
30268	You're so cute. Yes, yes. You're it is just so I'm so happy you are helping me; I am. I'm not just saying that. I really mean it. It is definitely I feel like a different person from when I came here, because I recognize what is going on. Good. All right. Back to disputing. More disputing. OK, all right. I know.
30292	like I mean I guess I would if he were to give me permission to like hurt myself like in a way that wasn't permanently damaging, if could figure that out like that would be something that would actually be productive because then I though I don't even know that hurting myself in a non-permanently destructive way would
30297	the way that I am at work. So I felt a lot more anxious yesterday about where Amelia was and what she was doing, compared to today. We touched base maybe one or two times, via text message,
30317	I feel like that helps me sort of get my head around it or have some power over it. But it also seems to maybe leave out everything essential. Or Well I think you have two worries about conveying it.
30326	Oh, you are? Yes. These are maybe good questions to discuss whether or not it would be useful or beneficial to take more, to take some of that additional Klonopin sort of on an as-needed basis; or whether it would be better to switch to something else. These are good questions for discussion. I just don't know what to do. I think nothing is really helping and I've gotten to the point that I'm not sure anything else could.
30336	yeah, I think you’re probably right, that there’s a way in which you are wanting me to kind of just validate, but also like tip in and kind of encourage your right to sort of protect yourself from them. You know, either by telling her that you don’t want to see her, or don’t want see her without the babysitter. Or
30356	I think one of the things that work when looking for is not how to make huge changes, but places where you can feel les trapped, because I think that feeling, that tightening in your chest and that I want to escape, and sometimes that translates to like I should kill myself to stop this. Those are…it seems to me that those all come from feeling like you don’t have any choices and that you’re trapped. And you know, that can be from, you know, all these snow storms feel like they’re kind of trapping, the small apartment feels like it’s trapping, you know,
30381	So I'm clear. You have new insurance but you don't have any information yet. When you get it you'll give it to me and I will give it a whirl billing it and we'll see how that goes. Yes. I need to catch my breath. The post office downstairs is awfully cranky. Oh, really? I got here early. This is the Kinkos? No, the U.S. Post Office. I got here a little bit early because I had a package to mail to a friend in the U.K.
30391	I'm not sure if I should tell them that will be done in December or if I will be done in September or October, which is when I could finish all the work that I was hired to do. How do you feel about this new information? I feel like I should be applying for jobs again; but then I felt depressed again yesterday and today so I haven't. I looked at one of the job sites and a lot of the things that I found weren't going to work. One that sounded really good was a temporary summer position and I don't think I could take that time off from work and then go you know.
30430	Yeah and I keep having things that felt like they were going to get me out of it like I gave a talk at school and it was really fun and I got really pumped and then I came home and we were supposed to take his mom out for dinner and he had tried to go out to Staples by himself and like felt like he was out of control walking so that kind of killed it. Every day I felt like I was like going to do a push through and then something would happen and I just couldn't cope.
30477	Which you still might have a problem with. Some people might, some people might not for various reasons. Right? There are different things that feel valuable to people. But if he had come to you two years ago and said, "You know what? I love retail, I love," you know, like, "multitasking. And I'm thinking I want to work to become an owner of a store one day. Or, you know, buy a franchise." Or, "This is what I I'm going to get into. What do you think of Subway?" And if it had
30538	Well, and you’re acutely aware that all organizations, I was going to say most, but all organizations are so far from perfect. And that difference between how you feel they ought to run and how they actually run is disappointing. I think sometimes you’re not sure what to do with that disappointment like, whether you should trust them at all, then. Yeah, and that disappointment is related to this...
30539	Right. You know, right? Cause and effect. Immediate effect of your action. You go clean, it's clean. So this is really hard to kind of persist and know that the reinforcement will come, but it's very, very infrequent reinforcement. I just think that those are the facts. So the more you can start challenging the thought of, "It's hopeless," with, I don't know what you would replace that with. It has an effect.
30566	Is it that? Mm hm. On top of depression, he's depressed too but what it sounds like you're responding to are the layers of the way he regulates affect and respond interpersonally that can be manipulative, can be moving to extremes without being able to look at things in a more mature way, this is stuff in his personality that is in addition to being very depressed.
30571	Really, it does come down to not having enough time for that and still have some dinner and I've only gotten tiny little minor things done. I haven't really gotten to anything major yet.
30588	He was all like, "They understand I'm depressed and that's why you're around a lot." I was like, "Yeah, but you had that conversation back in January. That was a long time ago." He thought it was fine. I wonder how that impacted your mood this past week. A lot, but I don't think it would be the reason that I'm depressed. After that all happened he did stay at my place for a few days. That could have been why I was depressed on Sunday and Monday, but that's not why I'm depressed now.
30590	When I say that I'm not suggesting that that might be the exact scenario. But there is no...it would involve one of us finding another place probably unless I lived with my sister and there is now I don't think anyone is hearing me, like I need him to get his schedule because I need to be able to pay our rent. We don't have money for another... I don't think you're hearing me that you're asking for something that can't happen in reality then. Okay. Do you know what I mean?
30646	I think you carry around tremendous shame about your own family, your own experiences. The problem is that you just both deal with it in opposite ways. He puts his head in the sand and you kind of do a very opposite obsessional, organizing, cleaning, organizing, cleaning, organizing, cleaning so you take it almost as a critical attack and he takes it with the withdrawal. The problem is that right now as long as you're in that place he's going to stay in this place, you know?
30662	Well I did have one of those moments Friday when they came and they said, "How are you doing?" When I locked the door, that was the one time I just completely broke down. Good. Yeah. Yeah. No, it was good. Or I think there was another time when I was petting Cecelia or something. Both times it's feeling a kind of being cared for. Yeah. Throughout this whole thing I did have moments like
30672	Yes, it does, and that is a healthy action to take. How about your irritability and memory issues mentioned earlier, can you tell me more specifically about these symptoms? I feel that I have less patience with my daughters and I also feel that I space out more - having a hard time concentrating and sticking with tasks. I find myself wanting to go drive with the girls. You know, just get in the car and drive.
30684	that don't like really know me, not that she doesn't know me well, but where we have a professional relationship, maybe I come off the same way as my dad does, I don't know, because I always thought of my dad as the laid back one, compared to my mom. I don't know. People confuse not expressing one's distress as laid back. Mm-hmm.
30714	Yeah, though that's one I'd like I could take as needed. It wouldn't be like take it every night. Well, you can certainly ask your psychiatrist about it and see what her thoughts are. Okay. She would know best how it fits into the overall plan. Let's take a few minutes to practice that deep breathing and muscle relaxation again and see if we can't get that working for you. And then regular appointment on Monday?
30719	So that's a little hard to hear. It's sort of like I was... I guess I was in the process of dealing with that issue? And then things got dramatically worse on the depression, suicidality front. And so it's hard to look back on any period of my marriage and say, that was a really good time for longer than a few weeks. Then in the actual vows portion there's the in sickness and in health part. That's kind of a... It sounds like a trap to me now. Hmm.
30720	This time of year you tend to get enough anyway. I haven't actually gotten around to looking into if there's some sort of sunlamp-type thing that I could expose myself to while driving that wouldn't hurt my driving ability. It might not really be necessarily because, when you're driving is it early enough that the sun's not out? No, but it's just like I feel miserable sometimes when I'm driving and maybe that would make me feel less miserable.
30728	I want it to all go away. The thing is things can go really well at home if I bring up no issues, if I instigate no arguments, no discussions about anything that's problematic. If I just cook dinner and we watch a movie and make a point of talking about things that...you know? He's not going to bring it up and then things are okay at home. But they're not okay so I don't know how to...I've honestly felt like saying last time that I don't want to go
30774	I mean I guess I could take responsibility for cleaning his place, I just don't think it would be a very good idea and I don't think it would necessarily make me happy. He has lots of big, heavy boxes that I can't really move so well. I will clean out the old parts of his place, but I'm not cleaning out his whole room. It sounds like it's not really your responsibility. It isn't, but then again maybe it is if I want the room to be a place where I can put things without losing them,
30781	Hi. Sorry. How are you? Fine, thank you. Excuse me. Bless you. I had my nice yesterday. Let's see, school is over for the semester but I wanted longer. It probably kind of feels like I miss that structure.
30802	You know, you're often the strong one for him so I wonder if now that he's doing better you know, you're often the strong one for him so I wonder if now that he's doing better you don't have to be as strong. He relies on you a lot when he's not feeling well. I guess it could be that, but the panic would have been there all along and I had just been holding it back like, you know, when you get if you're in school and you get sick right after finals because your body is like had been fighting it off like for half a semester and then all of a sudden it's like
30816	Because for some people what's useful is not necessarily believing another thing, but believing that there are other possibilities.
30831	is that you don't know exactly how it's going to work. You start the process and hope however illogically that something's going to come from it. And lots of people do that. It's not a burden necessarily to the person that you first ask. They don't have to do much work and the next person doesn't have to do a lot of work. Everyone does a little something. I know it's uncomfortable for you. When you think out the... It seems like I'm begging, you know? "Please give me a job or talk to someone..."
30848	It's sort of like in thinking about this problem of what do I want to do next, what is the next step in my career? Really, I have a hard time figuring out what I want. But I do have some desires still, like there is this sense in which I really don't want to live in a city larger than this. I'd rather live in a city smaller than this, but I can be sort of very clear that I don't want that. But it's taking me a little bit of time to like recognize that desire or anti-desire.
30893	you know, find enjoyment out of life and without letting my feelings get in the way. When you start feeling the intensity, what is that like?
30895	On your next inhale you're going to squeeze your knees together as tightly as you can noticing the tension in your inner thighs. When you're ready to exhale let your legs relax. Your knees may come apart. Inhale, squeeze those knees together, exhale and release letting your legs fall apart. On the next breath in you're going to straighten your legs lifting your feet up
30904	he went from crying all the way through church, afterwards telling me how we're getting a divorce, then at lunch like nothing ever happened, happy and then later in the evening like crying a little bit again and then up again and down. It is so sharp and it's so and he's also doing...and again I can't even tell him this is going on or that I'm struggling with this because he's totally unaware. He's in his own...he's also doing a little bit of, it feels pretty manipulative and my sister said
30934	So what is it that you think you can do during those months when you're technically still at your place to alleviate some of the worries that you have about having enough time or being able to accomplish tasks? I don't really know, other than take one day a week, like Sundays, to start packing if I'm not sick. Is that what you're worried about packing? Because what you mentioned before is sort of having enough time in the evening or getting to work on time.
30935	so like it’s the sense in which I know that she could do some of the tasks of it. I guess several particular anxieties that I have. I think I’ll just list them or try to.
30958	Anyway. I don’t know. I was just like, “Well, we need to make a plan, here. We’ll get you,” I don’t know, “health insurance. We’ll get you whatever. We’ll figure something out. And then, try to get you some help in terms of,” I don’t know. Because I think he—it’s not like he hadn’t tried several times to see people, but just—I don’t know.
30971	he knows it's absurd and I feel it's very clear that...he denies, he's like "I'm not manipulating you, I'm not trying to get any kind of sympathy." But he'll throw a pity party like that, like I don't need health insurance, I can walk, like really extreme... Then of course I respond very warmly, lovingly, sympathetically and he wants that and its really frustrating because again I feel really alone in taking care of all this and it is a lot, all day every day and night, still breaking out in hives and the whole thing.
30986	I learned my dreams were not normal dreams when I was growing up and my friends would look petrified as I told them about the killing, chasing and fear. I wake up in a sweat, out of breath and my heart racing. I then must get up and sit for a bit, so I don’t go back into the same dream. Five hours of sleep is your average you say? Do you nap during the day? No. Naps can bring on very bad dreams. Some of the worst. I avoid napping.
30992	,yes, this is the thing she's failed to do several times. She doesn't remember all the other times she's failed to do it at least not in the last several months. So, like me being upset about this, as a part of a trend is not a useful or perhaps, not even a fair thing. It's certainly not a thing that I think is worth bringing to the discussion to have in an emotional sense. Maybe in a factual sense it is important to know that this is a recurring problem and maybe we need a different solution than
30995	That’s, that’s really good, that’s, that’s a phone, it does the internet... Right....and everything... ..so I’ll be able to find out more stuff. You know, that way, when I’m out and about, and... So there’s numbers you see, I’ll use those numbers there...Right. - ...you know they’ll need adding up... Ok. - ...and taking away from something else. And when you’ve done all this with all the numbers...
31006	Yesterday was interesting because, you know, I felt crappy all day, you know, and it wasn't so much bummed about the game. I mean, I'm sure that affected my mood some but just, you know, felt lonely, nothing to do. Just, you know, I don't know.
31016	we’re a college acapella group. You know like at a certain point, like, you know, if I was like, you know 35 and people are looking very teen like, it would look weird to have this older person in this group that’s presumably college students, or college students and grad students. Are they sort of upset by your age? No. So I guess it’s not an issue now. We actually did have someone else who was older, though he left after a year because he was involved in like a stuff.
31081	full of energy, just going, going. Damn, I was extra bummed out because she was with us long enough that she witnessed I think a few days before she left, Josh, I don't know what he did took too many drugs, didn't eat enough, whatever, he got really nauseous and nearly puking in the bathroom for a few hours and you know, she saw that, she saw stuff to know enough to see before
31087	Considering I don't really go over to my place that often, I have enough clothes to live off of at Sydney's place, that would mean that anything that's in my room could be packed right now because if I needed it that badly, it wouldn't be in my room. So maybe thinking about sections of your room and doing a chore and getting a section done by this time, by the next time and setting that time frame of those eight or nine weeks however many weeks it is before . . .
31108	The thing he ended on was he said, "Anxiety tends to cripple us and keep us in our harness and keep us from relating to people and keep us from looking outside ourselves, but it can also be this thing that spurs us to connect with other people and to write and to figure things out." I kind of had to look back through the rest of the article because I was like, "I don't see the second part at all." I see. I
31132	We ended up doing laundry today. Maybe I should go out shopping because right now there are four shirts that I use for work, which makes me usually have to do laundry once a week; so if I had more shirts for work then I could do laundry every other week, which would be a lot better than doing laundry every week. The same thing would happen, it would just at least happen okay, I can do laundry that day and then that's what I ended up doing last week, taking stuff in my laundry bag because his laundry hamper things are really, really heavy.
31133	There are, this is a sort of true throughout our sessions, there are sort of times in the session where it seems like, you are more kind of attentive to your own thought process, and there are times where it seems like you’re kind of acutely aware of sitting in front of you and... dealing with that like, at this moment. Yeah. yes.
31179	Well, I think it's inevitable because he has arthritis all over. So, he had one knee replaced and the other one needs to be replaced, but he won't do it because it was such a bad experience the first time. So, that's just going to get worse. It's not going to get better. His shoulder is really bad. Even though he's in physical therapy, it seems to not be getting better. Yeah. I mean and the pain. I just think it sucks.
31247	Denver's a pretty big city. There are that many cities in the country bigger than this. That's true. In general, if you count the metro-Denver area. Sure. So that's actually not that hard. I'm sure there are a more concentration of jobs in those larger cities. There is that problem. Yeah. But still, there are not that many cities that are larger.
31325	Yeah, actually he is. It's hard to think about how we'd actually do it in our crazy house and what would actually need to happen. Have you ever looked into going to a meditation center?  Yeah. There is one in the Square. It would be at night. For him to go out at night it would be and It doesn't have to be. We have something to do that exercise that was something relaxing that was not watching TV and eating chocolate which is what we end up doing. Yeah, wallowing. It would be nice to have a new thing to do together, sort of an adventure to embark upon
31353	With a mother who’s so passive and helpless, Right. Well the kids’ father isn’t any better, and neither of them disciplines her. And in part, because they both came from abusive authoritarian households, and so they’re both terrified that they They’re reacting, yeah. If they ever like say no, or exert any discipline, or try to take control of her behavior in any way, that they’ll tip over the line
31367	That way I don't have to keep food for work in two places. We're over at my place a fair bit. Also Susan after she had said that, she's on vacation until the 14th, so she's not even around right now. So you said you were really angry at Sydney about that? Because he kept on telling me, "It's okay. It's okay." Susan sent the angry e-mail to Sydney, but I feel like she was also mad at me and I wanted to not have that happen in the first place.
31394	Reset the expectation is sort of my response to it. You know, all of Tanya's extended family wanted to know what a biomechanical engineer does. There was a... I'm not exactly sure how to frame it. It's a reasonable question except for the panic in all of their eyes as they're asking the question, because of... I'm-not-going-to-understand-what-you're-going-to-say panic. So I can't give a good response in that face. But these are minor things that just come with the territory. They're okay. We kind of get through them and move on. It was...
31398	volunteer work. Just delved in to it. It just changed her life, I think. She, when she became president of the county and she was doing speech's all the time and she was, you know, I think that she just kind of got lost herself in that and became a different person. I think if she didn't have that, she hadn't had that,
31402	Um... I feel like you’re talking a lot more and I also feel like you’re... it’s as if you’re pushing in some specific direction. You’re continuing to bring us back to some like, set, fixed. I don’t know if my, I don’t know how the... I don’t know how it’s working on your end, and I feel like I’ve now disturbed it by talking about it, but...
31412	So, you know, you have a right to express your anger. He also has a right to have your feelings expressed to him in a way that feels respectful and I don't know if that's what he's saying, that it feels... Does the tone of your voice feel disrespectful to him? I don't know. That's not a word that you used. Yeah. It's not a word that he really used either. It was just more he said, you know, that I keep on hurting him. So it's hurtful I guess which is even worse that disrespectful but...
31414	and then I just have the same things to say over and over and over again. That's all I've got. It's like this huge, giant thing for me that's blocking out everything else. Well, actually, my suspicion is that you're sort of in the middle ground there. When I first heard you say it, it was like I bet that's more than you might have shared sometime in the past, to say that you're having a bad day and give a more or less overview.
31462	Well, I want the whole ABCDE. I want "the whole enchilada," as they say. I don't know who came up with that expression. But... So, yes, I would like you to do a good number of ABCDEs, all the way... the full process OK.
31471	anymore couples therapy because it so...it feels almost... You feel like you're getting blamed? Yes. Yes, I feel like I'm getting blamed by his parents, I feel like I'm getting blamed by her, I feel like if I could just deal with the anger and the resentment and if I didn't speak up last time and say this is too much, I need help that she wouldn't have suggested us to separate probably. So it's like the marriage can work if I just put it all in a drawer and I don't...
31537	And she still barely shows any concern about it and it's just a mess. So anyway I couldn't handle it all week. That's an awful lot to try to handle in one week. You had a lot thrown at you. Yeah, they also, they gave him extra drugs to lower his heart rate even more and if it goes low enough there's like a built-in pacemaker that your heart will kick in and he kind of has it naturally because his heart rate is so low they call it the conjunctional rhythm.
31538	also clearly, you know, what’s going on here is on a much smaller scale, because she’s an adult. You know, she not your kid. Right. But, it seems to me that both, like
31542	free than you did maybe two months ago, but clearly not fully free because you don't feel you can express yourself when you feel angry because you're very worried about the implications in a very dire way. And I'm not always as worried about the implications in a dire way as I was this time not that she was doing particularly poorly, but like this is back into it. If my guess is about the thyroid issues is correct then she is in a more unstable place in this specific moment and so
31554	but often is feelings, or usually feelings and you know, maybe cognitive information that’s just overwhelming the system. So I have, I have a sense of how one eventually makes sense of facts. But
31588	Go out to a restaurant or maybe if someone else really tells me. I don’t know. It’s not like any of my friends suggested getting together. Would you like to invite somebody to a restaurant?
31600	Yeah, I think you're right that those are interesting departure points for conversations. They are conversations that we haven't been able to have the way we would have two or three years ago in more recent days.
31626	that gets in your way is that you're afraid to give it a try and so you kind of and feel helpless. And then when you get there and you haven't thought about it at all and you're kind of freaking out a little bit, you know, then it does make things more difficult pull it off. What do you think? I don't know. I mean, there's just, you know. What? What? Yeah. What?
31639	that will make me feel okay eating a steak for dinner, or how many miles do I have to run before I'll let myself have some chips and guacamole if we're having tacos, or something like that. I'll still let myself eat things, like I'll still go out for a burger and I'll still eat fries sometimes, but I make sure that I feel that I deserve it. So there's still it's helpful. We're going to need to stop. It's helpful to know that there's still that preoccupation with it.
31652	I mean, part of it was also, yeah. I mean I mentioned before that like, guys yelling always makes me nervous, so a convention hall of guys yelling is perhaps not ideal. So it was sort of this mix of feeling like is this the medication, am I just irritated, and...
31680	Some days I think that and then other days, it’s just like terror. Yesterday was sort of the latter and today is sort of the former and I don’t know. Obviously, you come into that, but it’s not clear to me how. One thing that occurs to me is you are feeling relatively well, good I guess – like yesterday, the other day and today and it’s like you don’t need me in the same way if you’re feeling good. Yeah.
31697	No, I was just going to agree with you. That is interesting. After we talked about jobs and what to do, what I should be doing for the next month, she said, "Let's not wait another week and a half before we have this conversation because you just stew for days and then we talk about it. Let's just talk about it before you start stewing." That's an idea. I'm worried about trying your patience,
31702	I think that's why so often you'll move to wanting to judge yourself like, "This is bad that this is happening to me." And then you say, "But the good thing is that I'm doing this." It's like things have to be judged as good or as bad;
31738	I have no idea. I observed it both... co-occurred. I think... you know, as an explanation, so I read recently that old people are not any dumber than they were when they were young, like, you know, at 70. They just have a lot more information to process and so it takes them longer to find particular facts. Hmm, interesting.
31867	What we have on top of our kidneys is two little glands, and they’re called our adrenal glands, -Right, and they produce a hormone called adrenaline, have you heard of that? Yes, I have heard of that. Ok. And what adrenaline does is it prepares us for situations of fight or flight, is that a term you perhaps remember from biology at school? I do, I do, yeah, I do remember that. Do you remember what we mean by fight or flight? I think like if you’re in a scary situation you either fight or run away basically.
31876	I would say that you’ve given an example of one way you process feelings. You probably process feelings a lot of different ways. That’s not the only way you process it, but that was an elegant example of one way of processing them. So, when you say “other people,” probably the ways other people process it, you process them too.
31902	No. What do you ask yourself first? I don't know.
31905	So also just afraid of the time commitment and stuff. But if I’m going to be unemployed again, it’s not going to be that bad. And if I can get a reasonable job, that like is around here, you know, I could, you know… Will it be time that, you know, enjoy? Yeah. Actually in that, now that more hours any more.
31965	I guess I feel like I need to step up more so that she doesn't feel like she has to sometimes. Mm hm. And thinking, "Oh, I should have just come by myself. I feel so bad that I " Hm. Or, "I should just come back another time. I'm taking too much time." I was just thinking, "I hate myself." Like, "This is unacceptable, how can I be doing this to her?"
31981	Even waking up at 11 and was up for several hours, I just blew it off. And I'm not really even anxious or stressed out about it. Really what was interesting is that Sunday morning was one of these days I get anxious about. I had to take Ian to snowboarding. Right, you're taking him snowboarding and you're meeting Jess and then going to the game. Right.
31985	was just not with it at all. And I didn't even I remember nothing about this panel. I was in the bathroom trying to puke the entire time, and I just kept looking at myself in the mirror saying, you are going to be fine, you are going to be fine. And I was just like not with it, and then I just came down so hard from it and I had a horrible rest of the night.
31992	With the game being at 6:30 on Sunday, I won't have to worry about getting him out of there right away. You'll have plenty of time. I might try and see if I can get him some extra runs. He's never done the tow rope. They've got a little bunny hill. Like the teaching hills have magic carpets, which he did fine with. All the other kids are hopping right on it and he's like inching forward, you know.
32034	I mean, it would be nice if you if you were able to make a phone call, but if you were in the middle of transportation and couldn't get to doing it, I'm sure that Debbie, if I'm talking to you... Yes, you are, in reversed roles. ...It would be under that you would be understand would be very understanding. It is just not good enough, is it? Um...
32068	a test case that will differentiate between possible outcomes. That’s not really I see no way to do that here when the large uncertainty is what’s going to happen in the future that really becomes not a useful way of handling the problem. One is to reduce the uncertainty as much as possible and then leave the uncertainty uncertain,
32086	I was in the library all the time. It helped that the girl I had a crush on was also in the library all the time. She would sit in the library and not do her work, so I'd go to the library with her but I would get shit done. Mm-hmm. And I don't really know what changed, but
32106	You'd feel less overwhelmed. I don't think any one thing that happens in the environment or an event that happens causes feelings of depression. Obviously, anxiety and depression is something that you've struggled with off and on over the course of many years. There's not going to be one particular thing that causes all those symptoms.
32127	Some are just talks, some are hands-on. And so, you know, like, I’m just completely not involved in it. Wasn’t asked, wasn’t anythinged. Which, like, on the one hand, I don’t like working with him, other hand I find it both insulting and kind of baffling. He really just doesn’t like ... So Paul’s been really stressed about it, but hasn’t asked me for any help. I offered to help, he was just kind of like “Hmm...”
32129	Like every time I swallow a pill, I get that same feeling right away, as the day that I did either too much cocaine or the laced cocaine, and it gives me that rush in my chest. It's like a panic attack. So, maybe that day, I didn't do something laced and I didn't overdose at all. Maybe I had a panic
32140	There might have been…there was possibly a thought about like I should kill myself to end this feeling. And the feeling wouldn’t go away. I mean yesterday there was snow anyways, but like I’m this close to finishing my job and I’m like considering quitting right before the end when like, except that would have me leave on bad terms, but I just don’t know that I could keep it together enough. And if I keep on feeling like this, like that tightness just wasn’t going away.
32164	I wonder is it also frustrating for you because part of the way that it pushes up for you is that I think you feel overwhelmed a lot. And often have suck that up, in a way. And figure out what you’re going to do, anyway. In a way, that feels like you’ve got a bootstrap or you’ve got to figure how you’re going to handle something even when it would be pretty easy just to shut down or look away from it. And . . . she doesn’t . . . seem to do that. She crumble and wilts. Right. I don’t know.
32166	I've applied for basically all of the positions that I would be a good fit for and are ones that I want to apply for. About how many is that? About 20, I think. Yeah. People will have last minute positions open, but those are going to be few and far between. Usually what happens as far as I can tell is the hiring committee meets sometime in late March or early April, figure out who they want to interview, and then call those people.
32205	Hi, come on in. Thank you. Good morning. So last week this time I think I was out of practice... was part of it, just like it'd been a long time. And I think... so you asked if I knew I was frustrated? And I don't know what I said, if I answered that at the time. But I had known that I was frustrated, but not perhaps the extent to which I was not talking about being frustrated and thus had difficulty talking about being frustrated with you.
32207	I don't even say that I'm angry when I'm angry because I should be better than that and it is obscure, it is so like... I don't know, it's getting really, really difficult and I don't... You sound and I think one of the things that might help is identifying what your feeling is right now. The thing that comes out most is anger like even at me today, your affect towards me is anger. You sound though underneath that Ramona, terrified.
32232	it's like my dad I just think about it anyway. You don't need one day to commemorate millions of people, but there is something ironic about it happening in Cheshire. It's weird. Friday could bring up your father. Oh,
32238	Now, I'd like to dispute the fact that I say I should be I should not be feeling this way, and that it is unfair that I've been feeling this way for as long as I have. Are you saying "Unfair" as it shouldn't be?... As it shouldn't be. Yeah. Dispute that. OK, this one is going to be challenging. Congratulations...!
32246	Not at all. Well, his Ah, but you're learning it. Yeah, but there's more costs learning it now than there would have been Yeah, you're very aware of all the costs. in high school. And you know I have to keep my life going unless I go back to my parent's house and live in their basement. No. Yeah, you have a lot of responsibilities than you did then.
32280	it took me the whole day to sort of tell myself like, “You know Tanya, really have to tell somebody at church about this. Like this is their job; tell them to do their job.”
32317	Mm hm. Does he right now, Ramona, every day say, "Oh, how was your day?" That's the thing. I think it's more of his absentmindedness, but every day whenever he gets home from work, I'll ask him about work. Ah. And we don't always have a big discussion about but it's always like, "How was work? How did it go?" Uh huh.
32348	You go a little stir crazy. Yep. You lose all perspective and get depressed. Even with going to school it's still a And he's not going to go back to school for a while. This semester he's going to be mostly working on a thesis so he'll be at home a lot and we really do
32354	And also they feel like, in their head, they’re like, “Well I can tell whether or not something is racialized, and if I don’t think it is, then it’s not”, as opposed to like, “Huh. I should talk to someone else. Maybe my own whiteness is preventing me from seeing something”. Right. And, they won’t necessarily learn better, I guess. Yeah, I mean it’s also possible to do... I’m curious what she’s studying, what she... ... Actually does, yeah.
32365	When he finally rolled out of bed at 8:30, I was like, "That was totally unfair. Don't ever do that again. I know it's not fair to you if I take up more space on the bed and maybe you have to go sleep on the couch, and that's not fair; but I need to be able to sleep and I have so much troublesleeping." He just went off at me and yelled at me about how I wasn't doing anything about my sleep problems and he had told me to try vitamin D because that would fix my sleep problems and why wasn't I better?
32369	The one that I have seen in talking to people who have a bi-polar diagnosis, it is clear that that is a really useful thing for them to know about themselves. Absolutely; particularly a bi-polar one that looks pretty biological in the sense that, for some people, bi-polar is affected a lot by what is going on in their environment. For other people, it just isn’t and for those people it’s really good to know.
32384	it related to was the fact that I think I mentioned in the past in some of the recordings that I just recently had surgery and in addition to having shoulder surgery and trying to recover from some very painful processes, I was having other pain and numbness and tingling shooting down my arm, very concerning things happening, and what ended up happening was
32434	That’s about as far as it went. Like I don’t… it’s sort of like I…sort of like if I accidentally step on your foot when I was walking in here, I might say, “Did that hurt?” and then I would apologize for stepping on your foot. Normally I would probably just apologize because I’m sure it would hurt, but like if I weren’t sure
32475	Yeah. Rightfully so. Particularly with. Some of that was the time constraints and some of that was like having the sense that I’ve asked this question that you don’t want to answer; trying to give you enough other questions that you couldn’t possibly answer all of the questions so we can both pretend that you’re not avoiding any particular one. My instinct is to keep throwing other questions at you. I have many more, so it’s…
32494	How is that related to being challenging or is it separate? No, no, I mean that’s, in my mind, we have maternity leave because one needs maternity leave after childbirth in order to recover, relate to the child, take care of the child’s needs, all of that. So we have some societal accommodation there. So sort of like it’s not a secret that it’s hard, I guess, is the other…is
32519	your tension has refused to leave or may have returned to you. As you exhale think about relaxing that space, letting the tension drain away. Repeating that process noticing stubborn places where tension has refused to leave,
33446	I mean, yeah, I want people to tell me it's going to be okay and I'll feel better, but you know, "How dare they." Hm. Hm. Well, we should stop for now. Okay. Thanks.
40142	Could you dispute that right now?
50004	An Additional report on June 26, 2064, included immunoperoxidase stains for mismatch repair (MSI) proteins.
50017	One significant medical visit took place on August 21, 2062, at Darling Point, part of Gippsland Southern Health Service - Leongatha Campus, where she was attended by Dr. Sander.
50027	Susan Duren, a patient whose records are identified under Medical Record Number 7301067.DAE visited the hospital for a follow up consultation. Her lab Number was recorded as 73C10671.
50030	specifically involving The parietal pleura and associated tumor. The medical evaluation was conducted by Dr. W. Obstfeld, and a key date noted in The report is October 19, 2062, The conclusion categorizes The pleural tissue as exhibiting a low grade mucinous neoplasm, consistent with The clinical findings of pseudomyxoma peritonei in The left pleural cavity,
50035	Connie resides on Blue Cow Street in Camden Haven, Northern Territory, postal code 5067. Her medical records are documented under 4402074.WNE with Lab number 44B20748 linked to Her case
50040	The patient resides on Monetary Street in Kyabram, Victoria, postal code 7000. The specimen for this report was collected on November 1, 2012, at 9:11 a.m. at The Waste Department of Nambo General Hospital, under The care of Dr. Donald Jeremiah Burg, with contributions from a doctor identified as VX and Dr. C. Hobbie.
50048	and Dr. K Grassle. The laboratory reference for this case is 42Z36336. All findings and specimens were appropriately cataloged for further analysis and distribution.
50049	This medical report pertains to Steve Mailloux, identified by medical record 0554355.JCH and ID number 05O43553. The report was last edited on September 27, 2062. The case involved a diagnosis of
50060	The final diagnosis confirmed a poorly differentiated carcinoma of Müllerian type, with The left tube and ovary suspected as The primary site. No abnormalities were identified in The uterus, right ovary or right fallopian tube Metastatic carcinoma was present in The sigmoid nodule, sigmoid colon nodule, rectal nodule, and omentum.
50063	Northern Territory, with postal code 3137. The specimen for this report was collected on August 30, 2012, at 09:19 at 4 Jabiru Place, East Wimmera Health Service – Wycheproof.
50067	The medical record 306911.QFF belongs to The patient, Toi Yuriko Hoop with ID number 30R911612I and lab number 30R91161.
50070	reflecting a proactive effort in managing Mike’s health.
50072	Mason resides on Walburgh Street in Devonport, Victoria, 8003. He was born on July 22, 1980 and His
50084	His treatment continued under multiple medical professionals, including Dr. Yale on September 13, 2062, Dr. Hauser on September 12, 2062, Dr. Manion, and Dr. Nance at a later stage. Jeremy’s case reflects the importance of long term medical oversight and specialized Acute Care management.
50117	Microscopic examination, reported by Dr. a Dunkentell and Dr. a Royce Cowie on September 3, 2062, revealed a moderately to poorly differentiated basaloid squamous cell carcinoma in The left lung tumor. The tumor. measured 35mm. The final diagnosis, reviewed by Drs. Jamie and Kantarian, is a 35mm. basaloid squamous cell carcinoma of The left lung
50119	2062, Dr. Goldstein attended to Jolin’s medical needs. These records highlight the importance of consistent medical attention and professional oversight to ensure Jolin receives the best possible care
50122	Virgina underwent a medical procedure or evaluation. Additionally, Her records indicate another notable date: July 1, 2062, Throughout Her medical journey, she has been under the care of Dr. Vassell and Dr. Whiteside, ensuring Her continued treatment and monitoring. Her medical file remains an important reference for tracking Her health and ensuring the best care possible.
50123	The patient presented to The Tissue Pathology and Diagnostic Oncology Department at West Coast District Hospital. The specimen, collected on July 25, 2012, at 13:05, was initially handled by Dr. Dhirri Harris Birkes and later reviewed by Dr. NJ on September 28, 2062, with microscopic findings reported by Dr. V. Daughtery.
50132	The patient, Elva Recidivi, with ID number 92Q668799U and medical record number 9266687.YXU was admitted to Waste Department at Morawa Hospital on April 10, 2014, at 12:30.
50137	39C75774 was crucial for documenting and tracking her treatments accurately. this ongoing care reflects a steady effort to provide Dora with the necessary treatments and evaluations by the healthcare professionals involved in her case
50144	Zahara Hamberger, born on October 15, 1996, resides at Stratford House, Nambucca Heads, Western Australia,
50149	44D59224 has been receiving care at Injune Hospital. She resides on Cabban Street, Kiama, South Australia, with the postal code 5134. Her medical journey includes multiple visits to various specialists, specifically within the Dickinson 3 South Department. Her healthcare has been managed by several doctors,
50153	502570T on June 18, 2064, a tissue specimen was collected at the Anatomical Department of Fitzroy Crossing Hospital under the care of Dr. Bernardo Reggie Vanish. the case was later reviewed by Dr. YQ, with further analysis on June 19,
50171	Her case is documented under medical record number 1778502.SDZ and episode ID 17T850261Z. on September 17, 2063, Oliva underwent medical evaluation, with lab tests recorded under lab No. 17T85026 17T85026.
50201	September 11, 2063, ensuring accurate tracking of His health status. Through careful monitoring and medical expertise, George continues to receive the necessary care ensuring His condition is properly managed.
50207	the Lab report for Tomas’s case linked to Lab No. 06X93654 played a crucial role in His diagnosis and treatment, so did the tests conducted on August 21, 2063. and September 6, 2063.
50211	is highlighted again in association with these findings. in conclusion, the diagnosis confirmed metastatic serous carcinoma, in the left and right inguinal lymph nodes, moderately differentiated serous carcinoma, in the uterus and adnexal structures, and metastatic deposits. in the omentum
50216	The medical record 1706458.VTX associated with Episode No. 17C645887X details The clinical case of Rodolfo Ruman, identified by Lab No. 17C64588 and residing on Hewins Street, Mount Eliza,
50257	where He received medical attention from Dr. Curry and Dr. Arthur. His case continued to be monitored, with later evaluations by Dr. Richardson on September 11, 2062,
50261	At the time of His Hospital visit, he was 69 years old. His case, was initially overseen by Dr. Davidson, with follow up assessments conducted on September 12, 2063. by Dr. Tatum and Dr. Hayward. Additional reviews were carried out by Dr. Loftin and Dr. Brooks
50265	the report was reviewed on September 26, 2062, by Dr. Q. Fuertes, with additional contributions from Dr. IP. the final diagnosis included negative results for both hilar and subcarinal lymph nodes, a single metastatic leiomyosarcoma deposit in the right lower
50280	Throughout His treatment, Taylor has been attended by multiple physicians, including Dr. Leonard, who played a crucial role in His care Another significant date in His medical journey is March 17, 2063, when he underwent further medical evaluation. Additional oversight has been provided by Dr. Austin and Dr. River, ensuring continuous and comprehensive healthcare management.
50284	and postal code 2388. Her medical records are cataloged under 7533626.BKF and Her lab work is documented under lab Number 75J36260 75J36260 on February 26, 2063,
50303	Today, we discuss the medical records of Garry Wagner, a patient with Episode Number 55W935357X and medical Record Number 558935.KOT. His Lab Number is 55W93535.
50311	The medical record for Carter Leboeuf, identified by ID number 81S903812V and medical record number 817903.VDH outlines The pathology findings for a right breast mastectomy conducted on October 10, 2062, at The 2.23-hour stay surgical unit of Corrigin Hospital.
50315	the primary doctor overseeing Gordan’s care is Dr. Charles, with support from other doctors such as Dr. Kuzma, Dr. Terry, and Dr. Arris. A significant date in Gordan’s medical history is June 9, 2064, marking an important update to His treatment
50316	Additionally, a notable record in Oliva’s medical history, was documented at 3:30 AM on July 15, 2013, marking an important timestamp in Her treatment timeline. with continuous monitoring and expert medical attention, Oliva’s case remains under careful observation to ensure she receives the best possible care
50318	2064, by Dr. P. Westendorf. Clinically, the patient presented with pelvic masses and diseased omentum, with a CA 125 level of 2000 and bilateral ovarian masses Macroscopic examination revealed multiple specimens. the right ovary,
50349	additional oversight. was provided by Dr. Schroder and Dr. Mudiay, ensuring She received well rounded care. with multiple doctors and institutions involved, Cathy’s medical history reflects the importance of detailed tracking and specialized medical attention for long term patient well being
50361	Her ongoing care includes follow up visits with various doctors, Anny’s record reflects a comprehensive timeline of medical care with the key appointment on January 15, 2063, as well as continued consultations to monitor Her health.
50369	tumor is confirmed as a high grade myxofibrosarcoma (myxoid malignant fibrous histiocytoma). It closely resembles The previously reported core and excisional biopsy specimens under The same lab number 50J65173 and 50J65173
50381	Mark resides on Rocky Spring, Bowen, Western Australia, ZIP code 7022. He was born on January 16, 1991. on June 28, 2012,
50389	The microscopic findings reported by Dr. D. Sledge reveal that sections of the cervix, ovaries, and fallopian tube are unremarkable.or
50392	2063. and November 8, 2062, mark essential milestones in Her ongoing care reflecting a long term commitment to Her Health at 78 years old, Tereasa’s medical history shows a lifetime of careful monitoring and expert medical attention. Her records extend into the future, with a reference to a date as recent as July 30, 2065, ensuring that Her healthcare needs continue to be met.
50395	at 08:19 AM. and subsequent pathology reports have continued to monitor Her condition. the Report of pathology issued for Her case is 195034545.
50404	Residing on Tandora Street in Bonnie Hills, ACT, with a postal code of 1169, Tomas underwent a medical assessment in the 3HR Stay Surgical Unit. His case was overseen by Dr. Durk on the day of admission.
50412	Today, we will discuss the medical records of Stacy House, whose case is filed under Episode Number 88D941303V and medical Record Number 8819413.CIV. Stacy’s Lab Number is 88D94130 She resides
50423	The report references a previous cone biopsy. report also numbered 61B09485.
50427	Tomas Booker, a patient under medical record 0699365.LVJ was involved in a medical episode identified as 06X936548J.
50435	His case was overseen by Dr. Stephenson, who ensured thorough medical attention. a significant follow up date recorded in His medical history is August 20, 2062, indicating further assessments and care. During this time, he was under the supervision of Dr. Washington and Dr. Clanton, both contributing to His ongoing treatment and well being
50453	Medical care was administered at Eidsvold Multipurpose Health Service, specifically in the Parkes 9 East Department, on April 7, 2014, at 05:40 PM. During Her treatment, Sara was attended to by a team of specialists, including Dr. Relly, Dr. Theis, Dr. Stockton, and Dr. Barrio.
50454	and lab number 17H87865 17H87865 Her address is listed as Rossi Street, Port Adelaide Enfield, TAS, ZIP code 4486. The patient was born on April 8, 1984. The
50455	on August 22, 2062, Jolin was seen at the Anatomical Pathology Department of Omeo District Health, under the care of Dr. Thompson. Additional consultations were carried out by Dr. Stemler and Dr. Wiseman.
50470	Her case was overseen by Dr. Morris, with additional medical input from Dr. Thornburg, Dr. Edwards, Dr. Bowen, and Dr. Howard. Another key medical assessment was conducted on September 19, 2063, a crucial tumor test and blood test were both scheduled for March 11, 2064, providing essential diagnostic insights.
50503	not Nascimento, did not carry A clinically significant EGFR mutation The Roche cobas 4800 EGFR mutation test, kit (ARTG ID 535778) was used. It was noted
50517	The medical report pertains to Gail Jamie Dickow, with The medical record number 2795187.SJQ Lab No: 27Y518
50524	on May 24, 2012, at exactly 02:58 PM, he was seen for an important consultation.
50543	Episode No., identified as 75J362603F pertains to Florrie Minion, a patient under medical care at Kangaroo Island Health Service, within the Department of Peter Mac. Florrie born on June 24, 2015, resides in Orbost, VIC, with a mailing address at P.O. Box 15
50559	Furthermore, Her case has associations with Sealed Air Corporation, suggesting possible workplace medical considerations or organizational involvement in Her Health management.
50570	with metastatic colorectal deposits identified in liver segments ii iii and vii viii Additional information includes a diaphragmatic adhesion to The tumor in segment vii viii Reporting times include 9:03 AM on August 9, 2012, and October 11, 2062,
50576	2012, at 08:21 in the Radiation Oncology Department of Royal Darwin Hospital under the care of Dr. Margaret Azzie Wendroth, Dr. R. Potolsky, Dr. R. Mellors, and Dr. R. Shivel. Additional specimens included the right inguinal lymph node, replaced entirely by metastatic serous carcinoma,
50578	Leon Porter, a patient listed under medical record 4809154.WAA was involved in a medical episode identified as 48B915480A. Born on June 20, 1989, he was 65 years old at the time of his documented medical visit.
50584	frozen section analysis. identified glioblastoma multiforme, and results were reported to Dr. Siurek by Dr. I Hoogheem at 15:50, on April 10, 2014, the final diagnosis for both specimens was glioblastoma WHO grade 4, in the left temporoparietal region.
50592	documents a segment five liver resection and cholecystectomy performed at St. George Private under The Hunter New England Mental Health Service. The patient resides at Prairie Hill, Devonport, Northern Territory, ZIP code 2879,
50610	crucial date in Ashley’s case is December 23, 2062, a significant point of reference for further updates on Her condition. This date is mentioned in Medical records from pathology West and continues to be a key timeline for assessing Her ongoing Care
50618	Her lab number is 92Q66879 and she resides in Cantello, Nambucca Heads, NT, 5222. she was born on November 22, 2002. Her case was managed by Dr. Grover Forrest Friends, Dr. Marlon, Dr. FC, and Dr. X Horey, with a report dated June 18, 2064.
50624	a 4mm gastric nodule showed features consistent with a small gastrointestinal stromal tumor, although an initial differential diagnosis considered leiomyoma. Immunohistochemical staining confirmed the tumor, as a gastrointestinal stromal tumor, with positive c d
50628	Carol was admitted to the St George Private Department at Bellingen River District Hospital, where She was treated under the supervision of Dr. Booker. Additional care was provided by Dr. Houston on September 14, 2062, and Dr. White during the course of Her treatment.
50631	on August 28, 2063, Leon was admitted to Roma Hospital for medical evaluation. his case was associated with Lab No. 48B91548 48B91548 he resides on Legend Manor Street in Northam, Tasmania, with a postal code of 2207.
50632	Beyond Milton Ulladulla Hospital. Alan’s medical file is also linked to Gulargambone Multi-Purpose Service, expanding the scope of His medical care Other physicians involved in His treatment. include Dr. Collins, who attended to him on July 25, 2062, Dr. Saric, who provided medical oversight on July 23,
50639	His medical records are documented under 176664.MDB with Lab Number 17S66441 associated with His case. a significant timestamp in Alan’s history is May 21, 2012, at precisely 09:21 AM, marking an early recorded entry in His medical timeline.
50658	categorized as Pack Year: 15 years. Decades later, on August 29, 2062, Eric was under the care of Dr. Milton, followed by another medical consultation on August 30, 2062, with Dr. Erving.
50662	Additional dates include October 5, 2062, associated with Associate Professor A Saeler, who contributed to The case, and documentation notes A doctor identified as "IJ." The patient’s clinical diagnosis involves lung cancer.
50665	report is prepared by Dr. Ira Irwin Piggie and Dr. Z. Sterkenburg, with a supplementary report provided by Dr. Z. Gugliotti. Additionally, there is a note regarding a doctor identified as "UH," with a date of October 2, 2062 for supplementary reporting.
50673	Jeremy resides on Boat Street in Tenterfield, SA, ZIP Code 4493. He was born on February 11, 1988. on July 9, 2012, at 3:42 PM, He was admitted to the Acute Care Ward at Port Pirie Hospital, where He was under the Care of Dr. Bryant.
50676	The macroscopic examination, performed by Dr. KU and Dr. LH on May 21, 2064. described a uterus with attached cervix and bilateral fallopian tubes. Microscopic examination, reported by Dr. P Chandley, showed extensive scarring in The examined ectocervix and endocervix, with no evidence of residual CIN, AIS,
50680	the case results were reported at 15:50, April 10, 2014, Additional examinations were conducted on June 13, 2064, by Dr. D. Bacchi and Dr. Castiglione at Maryborough District Health Service (Dunolly). the case also involved Dr. OD and Dr. XL. Clinically, the patient presented with headaches, nausea, and alexia,
50686	Additionally, She had appointments on January 15, 2063, with Dr. Manis. and on April 8, 2013, at 3:36 pm with Dr. Iverson, and Dr. Kook,
50706	The patient, Clair Vannessa Creenan, with medical record number 6112896.BOO and ID number 61D289605O resides in Hamstrom, Stirling, New South Wales, 2500. Her date of birth is February 8, 2003. The medical report, associated with lab number 61D28960
50707	recurrent colorectal cancer with a subsequent liver resection. Representative tissue sections and a sample for tissue banking were taken for further analysis, with contributions noted from Dr. QA on September 25, 2062. Microscopic examination, conducted by Dr. B. Montane,
50718	the report also references September 21, 2062, which is noted twice in the findings. the case involved multiple doctors, including Dr. CC and Dr. NE. Microscopic analysis, reported by Dr. W. Wegener, identified a poorly differentiated adenosquamous
50728	CIP code 1138. His date of birth is listed as April 26, 1984. on June 25, 2012, at 9:48 AM, Batty received medical care at SEALS Central, within St Helens District Hospital.
50736	Florrie continues to receive close medical monitoring. Notably, significant evaluations were conducted on April 20, 2064, and March 4, 2064, ensuring continuous assessment of Her Health Her medical team remains dedicated to providing the necessary care and attention to support Her ongoing Health needs.
50759	the fallopian tubes, uterus, appendix, and omentum,
50789	Episode No. 73H429585J Gordan Hayward, born on January 21, 1987, resides at St. Vincents, Armidale, Victoria, with the postal code 3797. His medical record number is 7324295.VNJ
50797	This comprehensive report, including lab number 81S90381 The time of initial findings and subsequent confirmation and analyses, provides critical information for The patient’s ongoing treatment and management.
50816	The report underscores The localized nature of The metastatic spread and The successful excision of The affected lymph node.
50820	The final diagnosis confirmed by cervical biopsy was grade 3 endometrioid adenocarcinoma.
50836	on October 8, 2062, was compiled by Dr. XP on October 4, 2062, with microscopic examination performed by Dr. F Dennard, and representative slides reviewed by Dr. F Chaisty.
50837	and lab number 92R85354 provides a detailed account of his condition. The patient resides on Pugh Street in Caboolture, VIC, with postal code 4821. The specimen was collected on October 2, 2062, at The Medic/Surgery Ward of Tresillian Family Care Centre – Belmore.
50838	and he resides on Auld Street, in Cobar, South Australia, with the postal code 2070. the specimen, consisting of tissue, was collected on September 20, 2062, at the location 3/9 Jennie Cox Close under the care of Dr. Woodrow Sydney Derouin.
50841	for Isa’s care is June 13, 2064. when she was seen by Dr. Swift, a specialist involved in her case Just before This on June 12, 2064.
50844	Additionally, Dr. Theis and Dr. Reddish contributed to her medical care. her medical journey reflects a comprehensive and multi specialist approach, ensuring detailed analysis and proper care. over the years.
50849	Microscopic examination, as reported by Dr. F. Phillips, reveals a moderately differentiated squamous cell carcinoma of The vulva, with a depth of 13 millimeters, a width of 35 millimeters, and an approximate length of 44 millimeters,
50875	The patient, Eufemia Trachtenberg, with medical record number 404689.UNS and ID number 40M68985, is a 62 year old who presented to casualty with heavy PV bleeding and a hemoglobin level of 50. a large fungating mass was observed extending from The cervix.
50887	Delta Air Lines and Bulahdelah Community Hospital. were involved in processing The results.
50915	The medical record 9246317.UNN associated with patient Eddy Shan, born on November 26, 1997, with ID number 92M631785N and lab number 92M63178 details a comprehensive account of her condition.
50916	Billie Frichette, born on March 25, 2001, resides in Upper Mount Glen Lake, Penguin, QLD, ZIP code 4155. His medical record number is 3082344.WRN
50918	This case details the medical journey of Mason Hield, whose Episode Number is 76I313441D.
50920	Kenny Health remains a priority under the care of the dedicated medical team.
50935	a crucial follow up date in His records is August 14, 2062, marking an important phase in His medical assessment. During this time, Dr. Iverson and Dr. Butler were responsible for His continued medical care
50953	and focal squamous metaplasia. The carcinoma invaded to A depth of 4mm through A total wall thickness of 14mm. No lymphovascular invasion was observed, and The endocervix was not involved The final diagnosis confirmed A grade 3 endometrioid adenocarcinoma of The endometrium with 4mm invasion through A 14mm. wall thickness No lymphovascular invasion was identified
50955	2062, were handled by Doctor MY, with additional reporting, conducted by Dr. E. Vanelderen on November 6, 2062, The supplementary cytogenetic report from Dr. E. Pensis at Maroondah Hospital dated November 6, 2062, revealed an abnormal clone characterized by The loss of The Y chromosome and The presence of a ring chromosome
50972	The diagnosis for The scalp specimen includes a moderately differentiated squamous cell carcinoma with a positive deep margin and Bowen's disease with close margins. The deep margin specimen showed no evidence of malignancy.
50973	the department overseeing His case was Parkes8, with Dr. Wallace leading the medical evaluation. Further assessments and documentation were recorded on multiple dates, including August 29, 2063, and September 3, 2063,
50983	prompting an examination of numerous sections of The distal stomach
50992	adenocarcinoma, favoring serous carcinoma, and results were reported to Dr. Zehra Persia by Dr. P. Zematis at 4:26 pm on April 16, 2014. in conclusion, the patient was diagnosed with high- grade serous carcinoma, affecting both ovaries,
51017	2012 at 2:03 PM, Mark was seen at St Vincent Department of Kerang District Health, under the care of Dr. Pierce. Fast forward to August 1, 2062, Mark had a follow up consultation, this time
51019	The medical record 867599.PQW pertains to The patient Ovidia Dishong, identified by ID number 86U59966. The record was last edited on October 23, 2062, with clinical information indicating a condition of pseudomyxoma peritonei in The left pleural cavity,
51023	Ella’s medical journey extends to multiple healthcare facilities, including the Biggenden Multi-Purpose Health Service. and North West Regional Hospital, both of which have played a vital role in Her ongoing care key dates in Her records, include August 22, 2062, and August 27, 2062, highlighting continued assessments and medical evaluations
51039	His case highlights the importance of continuous medical oversight and timely intervention in Surgical care.
51041	The medical report concerns Nora Melvin Morreale, identified by ID number 48Q219621B Lab No: 48Q21962 and medical record number 4862196.GEB. She resides at N Cumnor in Coonabarabran, Northern Territory, with ZIP code 4505, and was born on September 21, 2002.
51043	His Lab Number is 98Y62854. Eric’s residence is on Shupin Street, Urraween, New South Wales, ZIP code 2559. He was born on September 23, 1974. on June 26, 2012, at 12
51051	This report concerns Young Josue Danilo Nascimento, ID number 53P778463V medical record 535778.LQK and lab number 53P77846 The patient, born on January 18, 1987, resides at Main Line, Moura, Australian Capital Territory, 6910.
51057	Cathy lives on Sewickley Street in Kyabram, WA, 6970. She was born on January 26, 2004, making detailed medical documentation crucial for Her continued care.
51062	No. 78G07832 was part of His medical file, helping to inform ongoing assessments and decisions. This summary reflects Mr. Hunter’s medical journey and The expert team managing His healthcare.
51067	overseen by Dr. Robinson. Additionally, Dr. Mann has played a role in Her treatment, ensuring continued medical evaluation and support. Beyond Her primary care at Hesse Rural Health Service Ariel’s medical history is also linked to Sarina Hospital, highlighting Her ongoing treatment, across multiple facilities.
51081	The attending physician was Dr. Jerome Andres Yarran- Sanjurjo. Additional physicians and institutions involved include Dr. XZ, Dr. A. Amphy at Kaleeeya Hospital. and Dr. A. Grismore at Queanbeyan District Hospital. who provided findings on September 27, 2062.
51094	was linked to SA Pathology for further analysis. Residing on Sandering Street in Barwon Heads, Western Australia, with postal code 6906, Jasper underwent laboratory testing associated with Lab No. 27O53740 27O53740
51131	Episode No. 94T807668P Chris Hunter, a patient residing at Goswell Street, Banora Point, South Australia, with postal code 6220, has been under medical care for some time.
51154	In today’s medical review, we focus on Carol Porter, recorded under Episode Number 31A412629K and medical Record Number 3104126.HYK. Her Lab Number is 31A41262.
51185	The patient resides on Cernan Street in Goondiwindi, Western Australia, ZIP code
51190	lobectomy with clear margins, and a benign pericardial cyst. These findings were comprehensively evaluated and documented.
51201	follow up HER2 CISH analysis was reported by Dr. S Emler at Gippsland Southern Health Service, Leongatha Campus, on November 10, 2062, Additional findings were documented on October 30, 2062,
51221	MSH6. The conclusion states that preserved nuclear staining of carcinoma for these markers indicates a low likelihood of a microsatellite instability phenotype.
51277	This medical report pertains to Jerome Chuba, a male patient born on June 1, 1990, and identified by ID number 84W834682W with medical record 848834.RVG. His lab number is 84W83468
51278	A key report related to lab Number 08V69142 was issued, providing crucial diagnostic insights. Additionally, Dr. Wesley was involved in His case on July 3, 2062, followed by Dr. Speight at A later stage.
51310	Today, we take a closer look at the medical case of Batty Cook, whose details are recorded under Episode Number 77G028680F and medical Record Number 772028.QWA. His Lab Number is 77G02868. Batty resides on Fort Foote, Goolwa, WA, ZIP code 1138.
51316	clear of bronchial and vascular margins, with no convincing breach of pleura, but with metastatic carcinoma in three of nineteen intrapulmonary/hilar lymph nodes. The macroscopic examination, was performed on September 28, 2062,
51338	Sections of the liver revealed mild macrovesicular steatosis, but no involvement by metastatic tumors was identified in either segment four or segment B.
51354	Today, we review the medical journey of Brendon Sarge (Episode No. 34G5293503 a patient born on March 27, 1998. His medical record is identified by the number 3425293.OAJ
51358	A supplementary report was issued on September 6, 2063, with another critical medical update also documented on the same date. Dr. West was involved in Derrick’s ongoing medical care, ensuring thorough oversight of His condition.
51392	The medical record for Haywood Mccoil, identified by Lab No. 17I16340 and ID number 17I163403A and medical record number 173163.MBI documents a detailed clinical and pathological analysis of multiple specimens collected on October 9, 2062,
51406	During His treatment, Brendon was attended to by several medical professionals. Dr. Morant was the primary doctor, with additional contributions from Dr. Cook and Dr. Hauser. Their expertise, particularly in coordinating Brendon’s care over the years, has been crucial. Brendon’s progress is well documented with a follow up appointment noted for July 27, 2062.
51413	record is officially documented under 6556855.SWK with Lab Number 65O68557 linked to His case. a key moment in Taylor’s medical history took place on January 14, 2013, at exactly 09:03 AM, marking an important timestamp in His records.
51415	The medical report pertains to patient Jesus Farfalla, identified by ID number 06M240780K Lab No: 06M24078 and medical record number 064240.TVA.
51447	Florrie attended a medical consultation at the hospital, with Dr. Stephenson managing Her case. as part of Her ongoing treatment, several key medical events have been recorded. on February 4, 2063, and February 5, 2063, she received medical attention from Dr. Park. Additionally,
51478	Her date of birth is June 10, 1987, and The specimen was collected on April 8, 2014, at 15:50. The case was managed by multiple doctors, including Professor Ngunya Adolfo Treece, Dr. GF, and Dr. S. Lubell, with an additional report dated June 13, 2064.
51480	Episode No. 86F2864278 details the medical journey of Dillon Murray. Dillon born on January 30, 2007, resides on Sea Chase Street in Smithton, South Australia, postal code 7307. His medical records are officially documented under 8622864.HSV
51487	on August 6, 2062, Cathy received medical attention at the Prince of Wales Private Department, with treatment provided at Charleville Hospital. Dr. Henson was in charge of Her case ensuring comprehensive medical oversight.
51488	provides further critical insights into Her ongoing Medical evaluation. Ashley’s Medical journey includes Care from specialists such as Dr. Cook, Dr. Lillard, and Dr. Gunn. Notably, a follow up Report was created on May 23, 2064 by Dr. Cook. One,
51489	as part of His ongoing care. Notably, Jasper’s medical evaluation revealed a set of loss of nuclear staining recorded twice (R2), which was a significant aspect of His diagnostic findings. His case, highlights the importance of precise pathological assessments in guiding medical decisions and patient care.
51496	George Hill, born on January 17, 2003, is a patient currently receiving medical care at Baralaba Hospital. His case is registered under medical record number 9602593.DIO and episode ID 96C259313O.
51506	Her medical records are documented under 9600635.PFQ and Her laboratory results are associated with Lab Number 96A06355. Throughout Her medical journey, Ariel has been under the care of several healthcare professionals. on June 14, 2062, she had a significant medical consultation,
51511	This case emphasizes the importance of consistent care from a dedicated Medical team ensuring comprehensive treatment, from the initial consultation through to ongoing Medical support.
51514	Born on July 8, 2019, Tomas was admitted to Ipswich Hospital on August 21, 2063. His case was associated with Lab No. 06X93654 06X93654
51515	ZIP code 6987. Her ID number is 04F073896I with medical record number 0420738.YQI and lab number 04F07389.
51543	Leon’s case highlights the importance of continuous medical monitoring and Specialist care, ensuring a thorough approach to his health management.
51562	Episode No. 17N342645X Mandy Nilson, born on February 2, 1972, resides in Capertee, Gold Coast, WA, with the postal code 2842. Her medical record, identified by the number 1753426.LOX
51565	in The context of hepatitis C and cirrhosis. Specimens were collected on October 3, 2062, under The supervision of Dr. Lemuel Ulysses Fansler, with microscopic findings reported by Associate Professor U Direnzo on October 5, 2062,
51571	0 n and medical record number 3895795.BBN with a lab number of 38Y57950.
51604	reviewed with Associate Professor. Sharla Carrithers and Dr. Janyce Meshanko on October 10, 2062, noted that The tumor was located 0.2 millimeters, from The nearest inked renal parenchymal margin.
51617	where Dr. P. Ojano is involved the specimen used in the analysis was from Ameren Corporation and identified by ID number 59K847594.
51620	The diagnosis includes complex endometrial hyperplasia with atypia in The uterus and no significant abnormalities in The cervix.
51628	The medical report, last edited on May 29, 2064, was documented on May 27, 2064, by Dr. L Corral and reviewed by Dr. L Lumadue.
51636	on September 6, 2063. Dr. Bane and Dr. Sabonis, provided additional medical reviews.
51649	Katrina's lab tests, recorded under lab number 49Z72063, have been critical to assessing her ongoing health needs.On October 14, 2063, Katrina had a checkup at the hospital, followed by further consultations and tests.
51690	Notably, Dr. X Fei reported initial findings at 15:40 PM on August 8, 2012, and Dr. X Chilo confirmed medial orientation of The mastectomy specimen by phone on November 10, 2062,
51691	The final diagnosis confirmed metastatic malignant melanoma in one of 13 lymph nodes from The left neck dissection, with perinodal infiltration. All other lymph nodes including The left facial and external left jugular nodes were negative for The tumor.
51705	The case involved contributions from Dr. Jimmy Brenton Hulton, WG, and Dr. D Goodner, with further analysis conducted on September 15, 2062.
51706	Microscopic findings, reported by Dr. H Durisseau, revealed that The left renal lesion was a clear cell carcinoma, measuring 12 millimeters, with Fuhrman grade 2 nuclei and a fibrous capsule of variable thickness. an additional report by Dr. H Woodfolk,
51711	Additionally, Her Lab Number 65T90734 appears in reports, signifying its importance in Her diagnostic history Dr. Irving has also contributed expertise to Her treatment. ensuring she receives comprehensive medical care
51732	Today’s case highlights Denny Smith, whose Episode Number is 08V691424J. His medical record Number is 0886914.HLJ and His lab Number is 08V69142
51734	to The anesthetist at 13:12 on July 26, 2012.
51739	Born on September 30, 2005, The patient resides in Fawkham, Howlong, Victoria, with a postal code of 4012. Tissue specimens were collected on September 14, 2062, at SEALS Central, under The care of Dr. Ted Bernie Esposto, and further reviewed on September 15, 2062, by XW
51750	including Dr. Lowry, Dr. Dowdy, Dr. Lin, Dr. Iverson, Dr. Kook, and Dr. Manis. Significant dates in Her medical record include November 6, 2063, when Dr. Lowry, was involved in Her care and November 7, 2063, when She had appointments with Dr. Iverson, and Dr. Kook,
51759	3 details a comprehensive account of her condition. The patient resides on Burntside Street in Beaconsfield Upper, Northern Territory, with postal code 3933. The specimen for this report was collected on August 30, 2012, at 9.20 am.
51762	Additionally, Katrina’s care will also include Another check up on May 28, 2064, to ensure her condition is being managed effectively and to address any New developments. Katrina’s medical team is committed to providing the best care possible, ensuring that all Hereditary related concerns are addressed thoroughly and efficiently as She continues her treatment plan.
51763	0 has been under the care of several Medical professionals in April 2064. His first appointment took place on April 15, 2064. where
51766	and lab number 71V93082 provides a comprehensive account of her condition. The patient resides on North Columbine Street in Batemans Bay, QLD, postal code 2623. The specimen for this report was collected on October 24, 2062,
51767	The patient resides at Talbryn, Yamba, ZIP code 3158, and was born on October 5, 2029. Lab number 95W78541 central to this case, corresponds to The specimen analysis.
51771	Michael Lynwood Resides, born on October 11, 1991, Resides, in Lovelace Street, Casino, New South Wales, ZIP code 2224. His medical record number is 5135025.TBT with lab number 51I50257 and ID number 51I
51786	and treatment This case emphasizes the importance of continuous and collaborative care in the medical field, with several professionals contributing to a comprehensive understanding of Isa’s condition.
51789	Clinically, The patient presented with a small tumor at The incisura, leading to a gastrectomy. Macroscopic examination of The stomach specimen revealed it was 170 mm long, with a maximum circumference of 110 mm Microscopically, The tumor was not clearly defined macroscopically,
51792	measuring 35mm across, had adjacent soft tissue and a 30mm fallopian tube. Peritoneal nodules ranging from 3mm to 10mm were present, with a 15mm nodule adjacent to the ovary, a frozen section identified high- grade
51793	on December 23, 2063, she was under the supervision of Dr. Lenze. the following day, December 24, 2063, she had a scheduled medical engagement, during which Dr. Dalman played a role in Her treatment Additionally, Dr. Ellington has been involved in Her medical care
51794	She was treated at Mossman Hospital Douglas Shire Multi Purpose Health Service in the Hunter Area Department, specifically in the Intensive Care Unit. Her Care was overseen by Dr. Daniels on March 21, 2014,
51817	Today, we review the medical case of Jeremy Reaves, identified by Episode Number 29F784757R and medical Record Number 292784.SPS. His laboratory tests are associated with Lab Number 29F78475 29F78475 Jeremy resides at Richland Valley, Richmond, in the Australian Capital Territory,
51822	A significant date in Roy’s medical record is June 9, 2064, when updates were made to His treatment. A previous report number from His medical history is listed as 78G07832. with ongoing care and consistent medical attention, Roy’s health continues to be closely monitored by His healthcare team.
51826	The medical report pertains to Rueben Miki Pushard, identified by ID number 16J102766C medical record number 163102.SSP and Lab No. 16J10276.
51832	2012, at 09:21 at SydPath Department, Tingha Multipurpose Service. The report is authored by Dr. Raul Errol Paulhus, with contributions from Dr. GE, Dr. FR, and
51842	Specimens were collected on September 28, 2062, from The Medic/Surgery Ward at West Wimmera Health Service in Kanazawa. The case involved several doctors, including Dr. Quade Edison Jenness and Dr. LV with an additional date noted as September 29, 2062,
51866	Dr. Brown has been A primary physician overseeing His treatment Additionally, another key date in His medical timeline is January 15, 2063, when further assessments and medical procedures were conducted. Contributing to His ongoing care, Dr. Porter, Dr. Hero, and Dr. Grattan have all played essential roles in ensuring Dillon’s health and Recovery
51867	at 08:52 PM, when She underwent a medical procedure. She was treated in the St. Vincent Department at the Forensic Hospital, under the care of Dr. George. a significant date in Her medical timeline is May 17, 2064, which appears twice in Her records,
51876	The medical report concerns Reina Jagun Spriggs, whose ID number is 17H878652C with a medical record number of 1728786.NGC and lab number s17h
51900	These appointments reflect a thorough and collaborative approach to Sabrina’s care The involvement of multiple doctors ensures that all aspects of her condition are being monitored and managed appropriately. Sabrina’s case highlights The importance of timely medical evaluations
51913	The date of The medical procedure or specimen collection is June 18, 2064. The clinical diagnosis is squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) of The vulva, specifically on The posterior vulva, with a long suture marking The 12 o’clock position and a short suture at 3 o’clock
51918	This report covers the medical case of Isa Smith, with the medical Record Number 2027354.YLP Isa’s Lab Number is 20F73549 and she was seen for treatment in early June 2064. the key date
51931	Laura Crawford, a patient registered under medical record 3076815.ASC was involved in a medical episode identified as 30T681507C. She was born on October 17, 2007, and her case was documented at Rockingham General Hospital.
51949	squamous cell carcinoma the final diagnoses confirmed poorly differentiated adenosquamous carcinoma of the right upper lobe, with one out of three paratracheal lymph nodes involved and no malignancy in other lymph nodes the significance of September 21, 2062,
51967	Dr. Rose had also contributed to Isa’s treatment plan. These consultations are part of a series of ongoing medical evaluations, and they provide important insights into her health
51976	The clinical history includes mid- rectal adenocarcinoma diagnosed in 2060 under record 95W78541
51984	Born on November 21, 1986, The patient underwent tissue specimen collection on September 13, 2062, at SEALS Central within Redland Hospital, under The care of Dr. Tarka Williams Krahn. Additional dates of significance include September 14, 2062, September 15, 2062, and December 1, 2062,
51987	by Dr. G. Caudillo, and a further entry was made on June 13, 2064, The case was processed At SydPath Department, Wallaroo Hospital. Macroscopically, The first specimen labeled “Right tube and ovary” consists of a multimodal solid mass
51998	The report is authored by Dr. Orlie Lloyd Graubard, with contributions from Dr. XO, Dr. JC, and Dr. H Wold. Additional report dates include October 3, 2062, and December 3, 2062,
52015	63F23372 Residing in Glenview, Newcastle, Northern Territory, with a postal code of 4372, she was born on December 2, 1994. the patient’s specimen, including fluid and tissue, was collected on July 16,
52018	This report pertains to Kendall Sorlie, identified by ID number 21I762408W and medical record number 213762.MCV. The laboratory reference is 21I76240 and The patient resides at Lower Matchaponix, Wauchope, Tasmania, ZIP code 7305.
52037	The small bowel nodule contained metastatic endometrioid adenocarcinoma with poorly formed glands and focal calcification, measuring 0.9mm. Representative slides were reviewed by Dr. I Bosack.
52040	In conclusion, The patient, presented with an atypical lipomatous tumor. well differentiated liposarcoma involving The left perigastric region, lesser sac, and retroperitoneal area.
52062	The invasive carcinoma. is located in The left breast and is classified as invasive lobular carcinoma.
52114	a supplementary report dated October 1, 2062, details immunostains for mismatch repair enzymes. The results indicate preserved nuclear staining for MLH1, PMS2, MSH2, and
52124	and the lab number associated with His case is 34G52935. Brendon resides on Platt House Street in Kurri Kurri Victoria, with a postal code of 3166. His care began at Ballarat Health Services Base Hospital, under the SEALS central department.
52154	which are linked to procedural or evaluative milestones. The excised specimen labeled under Lab No. 21I76240 measured 180 by 120 by 95 millimeters and included skin, subcutaneous fat, and skeletal muscle.
52172	61D28960 was documented at Dickinson 3 North in Port Pirie Hospital. The report, includes contributions from multiple doctors, including Dr. Rueben Juan Aldrige, Dr. Dwain, Dr. Q Overbey,
52175	5014. Born on May 30, 2025, the patient underwent treatment at Peter Mac under the care of Dr. Keith Wesley Landkamer. His medical history includes a leiomyosarcoma excised from the sternum in 2060, followed by 20 cycles of chemotherapy.
52176	the primary doctor overseeing His care is Dr. Wiseman, along with other doctors such as Dr. Musk, Dr. Moody, Dr. Knight, Dr. Porter, and Dr. Hayes, who have also contributed to His treatment.
52178	His medical record Number is 763313.LKC and His lab Number is 76I31344.
52182	on February 18, 2014, at 1:49 PM, Laura visited the Hospital. for medical evaluation. her case was associated with Lab No. 30T68150 30T68150 She resides on Stone Mill Street in Gosford, NT, with a postal code of 1224.
52195	and September 18, 2063, Additionally, a specific record was made on September 2, 2063, George’s medical history includes a smoking pack year of 23, which may have implications for His treatment, His latest tumor examination was documented at precisely 3:40 PM on
52217	or invasive carcinoma. The endometrium was in The late secretory phase. Adenomyosis and a small leiomyoma were present in The myometrium. Both fallopian tubes. were unremarkable. The diagnosis is no residual CIN, AIS, or invasive carcinoma. in The uterus cervix and tubes.
52230	he was examined by Dr. Ellis. Just a few days later, on April 19, 2064. Dr. Porter followed up with additional care for Mike
52237	that This test, does not diagnose cancer. is an adjunct to other factors, detects 41 common EGFR mutations but May not specify The mutation
52279	2012, at 12:44 PM, Jalen was seen at Pathwest, part of War Memorial Hospital, under the supervision of Dr. Porter. Further medical consultations took place on August 27, 2062, where He was treated by Dr. Lillard and Dr. Rubio. With a history of ongoing medical care, Jalen’s records highlight the importance of regular monitoring and professional oversight to ensure His well being
52290	This medical case pertains to Virginia James, whose medical record number is 664499.SEU. Her lab number is 66M49971 and Her documented medical history includes multiple significant dates. On July 3, 2062,
52301	Dr. Gracia was the primary physician overseeing His treatment, with further medical assessments conducted by Dr. Butler, Dr. Martin, Dr. Joseph, Dr. Brandon, and Dr. Towns. Notably, critical medical documentation was recorded on several dates, including September 2, 2063, September 11, 2063,
52308	The final diagnosis confirms a moderately differentiated squamous cell carcinoma of The vulva, with a depth of 13 millimeters, a width of 35 millimeters, and a length of 44 millimeters, No lymphovascular invasion is observed, and all surgical margins are clear.
52311	Public, within the Parkes 9 East department. on May 28, 2012, at precisely 08:12, she underwent a significant medical procedure, followed by another important evaluation at 09:35 that same morning.
52327	Let’s take a look at the medical history of Tom Berry, recorded under Episode Number 62M791612Q and medical Record Number 624791.RDH. His Lab Number is 62M
52329	an additional report from Springwood Hospital dated November 10, 2062, reported targeted EGFR mutation detection performed by Dr. O Kosofsky. The tumor sample, collected on September 27, 2062, and received on May 10, 2062, was labeled 53P77846 A5 Weikert.
52338	Ella has been under the care of the Hunter Area Pathology Department at Cloncurry Multi-Purpose Health Service. Over the course of Her treatment. she has been attended to by Dr. Valant, with additional oversight from Dr. Jackson and Dr. Fishel. a significant event in Her medical history occurred on May 21,
52343	a cervical biopsy was performed, with The specimen consisting of a friable pale tan tissue measuring 40 x 35 x 25mm. Upon sectioning, The tissue contained an area of possible viable tissue with necrotic material. Blocks 1 to 3 included representative sections of The viable tissue
52351	Today, we are reviewing the case of Sara Scott, whose Episode Number is 51R013587V and Medical Record Number is 5160135.VUV.
52356	Garry resides on Westporter Street in Bega, VIC. Born on May 19, 1998, he has undergone medical evaluations and treatments documented in His records on June 16, 2012, at 7:48 PM, Garry was seen at Hunter Area Pathology, located within Coonabarabran District Hospital.
52372	Denny resides on Bramston Street in Thirlmere, TAS, 5273. Born on July 23, 2004, His medical history has been well documented ensuring precise and effective care.
52375	Today, we examine the medical history of Jolin Parker, recorded under Episode Number 98T406673L and medical Record Number 9874066.SJL. Jolin’s Lab Number is 98T40667 98T40667
52379	The patient, resides in Leestone, Leeton, QLD, ZIP code 2490. The patient, was born on March 21, 1994.
52384	This medical report pertains to Edison Dado, identified with ID number 63M741450O medical record 634741.LNA and lab number
52408	attended by Dr. Terry. Later, He was also treated by Dr. Temples, ensuring continuous medical care this case highlights the importance of consistent healthcare and long- term patient management across different medical professionals.
52432	Let’s take a look at the medical history of Jalen Nilson, identified under Episode Number 19K007521W and medical Record Number 1940075.HFW. His Lab Number is 19K00752.
52435	The medical record 9268535.MZS associated with patient Les Loehrer, born on October 18, 2010, with ID number 92R853549S
52448	She was diagnosed and treated under the care of Dr. VanVleet, a specialist who closely monitored her condition. on July 27, 2062. Dora’s condition. was further evaluated by Dr. Gasol. Throughout this period, her medical journey has been marked by these consultations, emphasizing the continued attention and expertise involved in her care Dora’s lab number,
52451	This report concerns Harley Rater, medical record number 057758.KBP ID number 05T758305M and lab number 05T75830. The patient, born on March 3, 1997, resides at N Kaspar Street, Goolwa, with a postal code of 6705.
52464	Episode identified by reference number 44B207485E follows the medical case of Connie Dinwiddie. Born on April 9, 1983,
52479	Her Lab Number is 51R01358 51R01358 Sara residing at Midge Hall, Newcastle, WA, has a ZIP Code of 2316. She was born on April 24, 1997.
52481	on June 18, 2012, at 12:06 PM, Jeremy received medical attention at Douglass Hanly Moir, within the Tasman Multi-Purpose Centre. His case was initially managed by Dr. Nurse before further evaluation. Key follow up dates in His medical history include August 21, 2062, under the care of Dr. Robinson,
52488	4 Ashley resides on Armand Street in Waterford, Australian Capital Territory, with a ZIP Code of 3758. She was born on October 3, 2012.
52538	on June 10, 2012, at 06:48 AM, Calvin received medical care at CPC Pathology, located within Angliss Hospital. He was treated under the expertise of Dr. Duncan, ensuring a precise diagnosis and appropriate treatment plan.
52540	Connie has been under the care of Laverty Department at Mercy Health O' Connell Family Center Campus, where she has received continuous medical attention.
52548	coming within 5mm of The bronchial margin. The Macroscopic examination was performed by Dr. JU on September 28, 2062, Microscopic examination reported by Dr. O Broussard, showed A moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma of The right upper lobe measuring approximately 60mm, coming within 4mm of The bronchial and vascular resection margins.
52554	The malignant tumor cells exhibit various growth patterns, including nodules, sheets, trabeculae, and acini. The final diagnosis includes hepatocellular carcinoma in The liver with two separate tumor foci, both completely excised, and chronic cholecystitis in The gallbladder.
52564	Episode 65T9073436 follows the medical case of Ella Walton. Born on November 12, 2004, Ella resides on East Olivera Street in Orbost, Tasmania, with postal code 6221. Her medical records, stored under 657907
52569	including frozen section analysis. and various portions of The fallopian tube The frozen section report, confirmed adenocarcinoma with an endometrioid appearance, with The result provided to Dr. Dezenzo
52574	The diagnosis confirms recurrent, moderately differentiated serous carcinoma involving The small bowel mesentery, liver, adherent omental fat, right pararenal peritoneum, spleen, and one of six lymph nodes. a supplementary report issued on February 4, 2063,
52579	He was treated in the Darling Point Department at Midlands Multi- Purpose Health Centre, where Dr. Hoult and Dr. Russell oversaw His medical procedures. Another hospital involved in His care. was Wimmera Health Care Group - Horsham, ensuring continued treatment and assessment.
52580	low- grade invasive mucinous neoplasms are identified in The small bowel serosa, mesentery, intraabdominal tumor, peritoneum, and gastric nodule, consistent with pseudomyxoma peritonei These findings highlight The progression and invasive nature of The disease, marking a significant advancement from The previously documented condition.
52589	The medical report pertains to Lirra Jami Schlereth, identified by ID number 38Y57950
52591	The patient, Culhane Lashawn, with ID number 71Y067830J and medical record number 7190678.JBJ was admitted to The Emergency Department at West Wimmera Health Service - Kaniva. Her lab number is 71Y06783 and she resides at New Jefferson, Vincentia, New South Wales, 4076.
52596	2012, at exactly 4:35 PM, marking a critical moment in Her records, Her case continued with further evaluations on July 23, 2062, followed by another crucial appointment on July 24, 2062,
52620	the patient resides at Juniper Point, Moranbah, Western Australia, with a postal code of 6181, and was born on February 6, 1989. the tissue specimen was collected on April 4, 2014, at 10:17 AM from Mater Mothers Hospital, specifically the Anatomical Pathology department.
52662	involving multiple physicians such as Drs. Linwood Donny Duhamel, Panchal, XM, and X Nalley. The final diagnosis under Lab number 95W78541 confirms metastatic adenocarcinoma consistent with a rectal primary in liver segments ii iii and vii viii with clear surgical margins. The gallbladder
52666	This medical report pertains to Sabrina Tatum, with medical Record Number 4183363.NGA and Lab Number 41W33635. Sabrina received care in April 2064,
52718	Decades later, on September 4, 2062, Nikola had another medical visit,attended by Dr. Nelson. later, He was also examined by Dr. Prichard, ensuring that He received continued medical attention. This case underscores the significance of lifelong medical documentation and consistent follow ups with healthcare
52754	The organization involved in this case is Boston Scientific, and The hospital handling The case is Wentworth District hospital The report includes a date of June 12, 2064. The microscopic examination, reported by Dr. B Crofoot, provides a synoptic report for breast carcinoma.
52762	The report is October 20, 2062, Microscopic analysis, reported by Dr. I Majersky, shows that The right pelvic side wall specimen consisted of fibrofatty tissue with no malignancy detected.
52764	the final diagnosis was a Grade 2 endometrioid adenocarcinoma of the endometrium with invasion 16mm deep into a 17mm thick wall. the cervix remained uninvolved, and metastatic adenocarcinoma was present in 8 of 25 lymph nodes.
52783	in summary, The histological diagnosis confirmed moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma with A lepidic growth pattern and focal invasion, without evidence of visceral pleural or vascular invasion,
52784	with no viable tissue and results were reported to the anesthetist by Dr. B. Gutkowski at 14:30 on June 19, 2013. Additional lymph node specimens. were analyzed by Dr. AL on August 22, 2063,
52806	3636, and was born on October 26, 1983. At The time of The report, The patient, is 85 years old. The medical examination was conducted on June 11, 2064, with contributions from multiple doctors, including Dr. Bradley Armand Ruffer, Dr. TD, Dr. AL, Dr. NX, and Dr. SG. Another report, was documented on June 12, 2064,
52814	She resides on Upper Montagu Street in Rockhampton, South Australia, with postal code 6338. The specimen for this report was collected on August 29, 2012, at 14:31 at The Urology Day Only Department of Calvary Public Hospital ACT. The
52874	6 7 highlighting the thorough testing and monitoring conducted. Furthermore, Dr. Ellington was involved in Her case on May 17, 2064, reinforcing the importance of that date Another entry on May 24, 2061, further details Her medical journey.
52884	The medical record 074190.MFS pertaining to patient Reedus Kellie, born on May 3, 2011, with ID number 07L190417H and lab number 07L19041 provides an in depth analysis of her condition.
52917	indicating an amended report by Dr. H Neidhardt in collaboration with Dr. Bruno Bault, Dr. Ian Kipling, and Dr. Barrie Damewood. The amended report dated December 3, 2062, refines The diagnosis. The final amended diagnosis. confirms a high grade
52933	The specimen was collected on June 11, 2064, at Pathology West, The Sutherland Hospital. The report was reviewed by Dr. Judson Alphonse Spueler. The report was later analyzed on June 12, 2064, by Dr. K. Marsack. Additionally,
52963	with no previous history of malignancy or tumors. Macroscopic examination revealed a left temporoparietal tumor, with three pale tissue fragments, the largest measuring 3mm. Most of the specimen was used for frozen section and smear analysis.
52966	A tissue specimen was collected on September 27, 2062, at Pathwest The Forensic Hospital by Dr. Alphonse Raleigh Piccone. The clinical indication was lung cancer. Macroscopic examination of The right upper lobe revealed A 60x40x35mm tumor within an area of pleural puckering,
52978	The medical record 503651.UJI associated with patient Hank Lindemuth, born on December 28, 2003, with ID number 50J651733W and lab number 50J65173
52987	measuring 130 x 100 x 65mm, with an attached fallopian tube measuring 40mm in length. The tumor, upon sectioning, appears solid and lobular with hemorrhagic areas. Two representative sections were taken for frozen section analysis. Blocks numbered 1 to 11, represent different sections of The tumor,
53000	Residing on Pleasant Chase in Camden Haven, South Australia, with postal code 4492, Derrick underwent laboratory testing associated with Lab No. 48G13835 48G13835 His Hospital visit took place on June 25, 2013, at 06:09 p.m., as recorded in the system.
53012	follow up consultations continued the next day, on August 22, 2062, under the care of Dr. Williams, and later with Dr. Gabriel.
53017	This patient underwent a right lower lobectomy and removal of a right flank skin lesion, with specimens collected at Envoi under The care of Dr. Harris Ismael Clyatt. The case involved Doctor MY on October 15, 2062, and Dr. J Progacz, ensuring comprehensive evaluation and reporting of This complex clinical scenario.
53020	with ZIP code 6609. Born on October 26, 2006, His medical history includes several important consultations and tests
53068	The report involves multiple doctors, including Dr. Simran Charissa Huckabey, Dr. Jackie, Dr. Baj, Dr. Kirk, Dr. NJ, and Dr. TG. An additional date mentioned in The report is October 30, 2062. The microscopic findings, reported by Dr. D Sledge, reveal that sections of The cervix, ovaries, and
53072	6997, and was born on November 9, 1994. The specimen, labeled as tissue, was collected on August 1, 2012, at 19:33 PM from The Coronary Care Unit at Tottenham Hospital under The supervision of Dr. Birrunga Brad Omland.
53075	Episode No. 96A063552Q pertains to Ariel Whitman, a patient receiving care at Hesse Rural Health Service within the Day Surgery Unit. Ariel born on October 5, 1989, resides in Wauchope, TAS, on Kamena Street, with a postal code of 3179.
53089	showed very mild chronic cholecystitis and no malignancy. this report thoroughly details findings critical to The patient’s continued care.
53103	on April 10, 2014, at 14:40, a tissue specimen was collected at the POW L7 Consulting Rooms at Karitane Hospital under the care of Dr. Winston Leilani Ricotta.
53111	The medical record 4378054.UUC pertains to patient Guy-Finn Lamson, identified by ID number 43S80547.
53112	and was born on July 2, 2005. The report associated with lab number 75A86169 includes clinical details related to hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC)
53121	The medical record 073905.RQQ associated with patient Brigida Lauri Sprake, with ID number 07K90566 was last edited on June 16, 2064. The report is authored by Dr. AR.
53138	with Lab Number 86F28642 associated with His case. A significant event in Dillon’s medical history took place on March 8, 2013, at precisely 3:54 PM. This moment was A critical point in His treatment within the Recovery Department at Balaklava Hospital. Throughout His care, Dillon has been attended by several dedicated medical professionals.
53143	Diagnoses included a 35 mm grade 3 infiltrating ductal carcinoma with metastasis in one sentinel node, an intradermal nevus, and two cavernous hemangiomas.
53149	The bronchial and vascular margins were free of malignancy, and lymph node involvement was absent. Additional findings included non neoplastic lung abnormalities associated with silicosis.
53157	Tommy Hilderbrandt, born on June 10, 2013, resides in Daley, Millicent, TAS, ZIP code 2902. His medical record number is 3563528.UAO with lab number 35S35288 and ID number 35S352880O
53158	The medical record for patient Quade Hasty, identified by ID number 96R56255 and medical record number 966562.PNM details The evaluation and treatment of an anterior scalp lesion likely to be squamous cell carcinoma (SCC).
53169	This report, last edited on October 17, 2062, details The findings of a right upper lobectomy and lymph node analysis conducted to address a right upper lobe adenocarcinoma. Key dates include October 15, 2062, and October 17, 2062, with Dr. M. Curimao responsible for The final microscopic report,
53180	The final diagnosis confirms The presence of well differentiated mucinous adenocarcinoma in The small bowel which has become more invasive and cellular compared to prior observations.
53184	a specimen collected on July 25, 2012, at 19:49 PM at Exmouth Hospital by Dr. Junior Jason Dice of Envoi Pathology. The clinical indication was lung cancer, specifically involving The left lung with an attached lymph node.
53186	The patient, has a history of colon cancer, peritonectomy, rectosigmoid issues, pelvic mass, and peritoneum involvement, with a past history of caecal carcinoma resected in 2061 and a hysterectomy.
53188	Her primary physician, Dr. Bridges, has overseen Her treatment, ensuring comprehensive care A significant moment in Her medical history occurred on April 17, 2013, at precisely 12:45 PM, A time that marked A crucial point in Her treatment, Throughout Her journey,
53190	He resides at Sylmar, Howlong, Western Australia, with the postal code 5724. His medical journey includes a lab number of 94Y02043 and on March 27, 2014, at 06:48 PM, He had a consultation with the hospital staff.
53208	and critical margin findings, necessitating further clinical correlation and monitoring.
53213	The medical report for patient Tomas Zoe Takayama, identified by ID number 27D83063 27D83063 and medical record number 271830.QJV documents findings related to endometrial cancer. The report last edited
53217	Carol’s case highlights the importance of personalized care and close monitoring by a team of dedicated professionals In the acute care setting.
53218	The final diagnosis confirms a high grade myxofibrosarcoma (myxoid MFH) in The left forefoot with clear surgical margins.
53229	Derrick Wall, born on November 3, 1982, was admitted to Longreach Hospital for medical evaluation. His case was documented under medical record number 4821383.OMF and episode ID 48G138354F.
53238	Episode No. 52P828726X Roy Goodwin, born on October 29, 2032, lives at Belcourt, Buninyong, NT, with the postal code 4034.
53252	as well as gain of The chromosome 12 centromere, with No. FUS locus rearrangement. These results supported The diagnosis of well differentiated to dedifferentiated liposarcoma.
53255	63M74145. The patient resides in Northome, Tinonee, with a postal code of 6327, and was born on December 29, 1992. a tissue specimen was collected on July 11, 2012, at 9:10 AM at SYDPATH Department, Ayr Hospital.
53267	Taylor’s case. is a testament to the collaborative efforts of dedicated medical professionals, ensuring he receives the best possible treatment, Throughout His healthcare journey
53268	The record was last edited on October 12, 2062, with clinical and pathological findings documented by Dr. KL on October 10, 2062, and microscopic examination reported by Dr. Z Feauto.
53286	Today, we examine the medical history of Jeremy Kuzma, recorded under Episode Number 10J811771Z and medical Record Number 1038117.SCZ. His Lab Number is 10J81177 10J81177
53294	7 6 and ID number 27Y518763Q. Gail was born on June 27, 1992, and resides in Wokindon, Denman, Tasmania, with The ZIP code 4383.
53335	The medical report concerns Claude Bottin, identified by ID number 42Z363366H and medical record number 429363.KQQ.
53344	Alan’s medical journey includes significant consultations with multiple doctors. One of the key dates in His history is March 23, 2064, when Dr. Hincks oversaw an important phase of His care Later, on the same date, further evaluations were conducted, reinforcing the importance of this milestone in His treatment.
53352	Additionally, a report dated October 16, 2062, involves analysis from the laboratory at 8 Goolagong Crescent. the findings and interpretations are corroborated by references from reputable sources, including the Catalogue of Somatic Mutations in Cancer Nature Genetics, and other oncological research publications. Finally, the report includes information from the Renal Clinic and South Western Area at Timbun and District Healthcare Services,
53363	His Lab Number is 83Z17970. Nikola lives on Manolete Street, Aldgate, Tasmania, ZIP code 3576. He was born on November 3, 2006. on July 3, 2012, at 4:11
53364	The medical record 3872467.JPI associated with Episode No. 38T246735I outlines The clinical case of Eldora Shook, identified by Lab No. 38T24673. The patient resides on Strenger Street, Lismore, New South Wales, 2559, and was born on February 24, 1990.
53374	other medical experts, including Dr. Wu, Dr. Hu, Dr. Chen, and Dr. Guo, have contributed their expertise to Her case Additionally, another essential date in Connie’s records is June 20, 2063, marking further assessments and medical procedures vital to Her ongoing healthcare plan.
53397	while the right common iliac lymph node, and sigmoid appendix remained tumor, free the significance of September 18, 2062, is reiterated in connection with these findings.
53400	the microscopic findings by Dr. P. Blovin, dated May 3, 2063, confirm a moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma, with no lymphovascular or perineural invasion and no residual tumor. An additional report from Cherbourg Hospital. Cancer Centre in the Northern Territory, dated March 27, 2063, details a BRAF mutation
53402	with ID number 30W234486N lab number 30W23448. on April 3, 2014, at 14:31, a tissue specimen was collected at Dickinson 3, North, Brewery Multipurpose Service,
53408	analysis performed by Dr. Wadjari Stjames on a tissue block labeled 59K84759 Using high resolution melting (HRM)
53411	h z i with episode ID 75Q870329I. on September 26, 2063, Kenny underwent medical evaluation at the PaLMS department, with lab tests recorded under lab No. 75Q87032. This date marks a key moment in Kenny’s treatment.
53415	Maria resides at West Railroad, Williamstown, NT, with ZIP code 1234. Born on October 11, 2009, she has undergone several medical consultations and evaluations over the years.
53430	Jasper Reddick, born on August 12, 1999, was admitted to Shoalhaven District Memorial Hospital for medical evaluation on September 11, 2063. His case, registered under medical record 2755374.ARU and episode number 27O537406U
53437	Another significant consultation took place on October 15, 2063, with Dr. Gasol and Dr. Pinion reviewing her results. Moving forward, Katrina is scheduled for a follow up appointment on May 28, 2064, where Dr. Gordon will continue to monitor her progress.
53445	and was submitted for histopathological and cytogenetic examination. The specimens were collected on October 11, 2062, at The Macquarie Ward of Cobar District Hospital under The care of Dr. Myron Theo Lozey. The macroscopic examination. and supplementary reporting, dated October 12,
53457	his consultation took place in the Envoi Specialist department, where he was attended by Dr. Landon. Further medical assessments were conducted the following day, on August 29, 2063, under the supervision of Dr. Vincent.
53466	1988, and is recorded as a female patient. Specimens were collected on October 17, 2062, at The Medic Surgery Ward of Lake Grace Hospital. The attending physician was Dr. Trevor Jarrett Yokiel, with additional involvement from Dr. KH. Another key date noted in
53478	These dates indicate that Mike has been receiving consistent monitoring and treatment for His condition, with each doctor contributing their expertise to ensure comprehensive care the involvement of Dr. Porter and Dr. Ellis. emphasizes a well rounded approach,
53488	the patient’s latest visit was on June 9, 2064, under the care of Dr. Stewart. Additionally, Dr. Stewart. had previously examined Her on June 5, 2064, Another significant doctor in Her case is Dr. Hook, who also contributed to Her treatment plan during that period. This Medical overview highlights some key dates and the professionals involved in Susan’s care
53489	This case, referenced again under Lab No. 21I76240 was reviewed by Dr. F. Zermeno and other specialists, including Dr. F. Christophe, Dr. F. Maycock, and Dr. Somoza from St. Vincent’s Pathology Department. This report underscores The tumor’s histological features, therapeutic response to prior chemoradiotherapy,
53495	analysis and DNA sequencing, the mutation in exon 15 of the BRAF gene was detected. Another report dated May 7, 2063, from Lowy Pathology in QLD, confirms the presence of the same BRAF mutation in tumor. tissue from This patient. This mutation suggests MLH1 promoter methylation, indicating that the Cancer is unlikely to be hereditary.
53509	The patient resides on Haan Street in Roxby Downs, SA, with postal code 7268. The specimen was collected on August 27,
53510	Throughout The report The patient's lab number 92M63178 is referenced as part of The clinical identification and diagnostic process, with The specimens and findings consistently documented under this identifier.
53515	Her address is listed as Brindabella Street, Leongatha, ACT, with The ZIP code 5607. She was born on February 27, 1988, and
53525	at the time of a later consultation, Stacy was recorded to be 56 years old. Additional medical reviews were conducted by Dr. Fultz and Dr. Lindon, ensuring continuity in her healthcare. This case highlights the importance of thorough medical records and follow up evaluations for a patient’s well being over the years
53530	The patient, Ritson Nyah Marcus, has a medical record number 2805065.FMV and an ID number 28B506514V. The patient’s lab number is 28B50651 28B50651 The patient, resides in Legra, Moranbah, TAS, ZIP code
53535	Her case continued to be monitored, with Dr. Theis, and Dr. Stockton, providing follow up care the latest update was recorded on June 10, 2064.
53546	She was born on April 24, 1997, and is female. The lab number associated with her case is 97P22753 97P22753 A specimen of washings and tissue was collected on April 7, 2014, at 17:40 at The PaLMS department of Margaret River Hospital.
53601	located in The lower back.
53952	is reiterated twice in the context of these findings.